The beginning of Aeturnum 2 was marked with three events:
- [[#Genesis (Prelude)]]
- [[#Requiem (Prologue)]]
- [[#Initiation (Primer)]]

# Genesis (Prelude)

**Date:** 31/05/2026

Genesis was an epic, full day narrative event in which we played level 10 characters.

It told the story of the first expedition into Tisis by the greatest heroes of Adrestia, 30 years prior to campaign 2, shortly after the opening of the Worldwound and the start of the petrification curse and curseblood plague. We were led by Eris Pentaghast, the First Blade of Adrestia, straight into the heart of Tisis's capital, Aernoc, where we would ascend the palace and slay the vampiric queen, Haera Agelamorn.

There were no survivors. 
# Requiem (Prologue)

The prologue is the introduction to campaign 2, and must be played by every person seeking to join the campaign. 

It tells the story of how your character awoke in the depths of Aernoc Palace, stripped of all of your possessions and all your memories, bar a single defining memory to drive you forward. You must work with your unknown companions and fight your way out of the clutches of Haera Agelamorn, to return to the Wayfarer's Convoy and re-join the fight against her. 
# Initiation (Primer)

A repeatable event that will run once a month, and serves as an opportunity to experiment with the mechanics of campaign 2, such as the Hunter's Tools, the Wayfarer's Convoy, Haemorrhage, and dying a horrible, horrible death.

The events of Initiation may change from month to month - this is currently unconfirmed.