Tags: #OM 

- Chapter 0: Initiation
- Chapter 1: Adrestia

# Chapter Zero: Initiation (25/06/2026)

AETURNUM II: QUEST BOARD CHAPTER 0 - TICKETS ON SALE TOMORROW - 6:30PM

The hunt begins. 

Tickets for Quest Board Chapter 0 will be going on sale tomorrow, with Chapter I soon to follow... 

INITATION: CHAPTER ZERO

INITIATION marks the beginning of Aeturnum II's year-long NOCTURNE Narrative Arc. The world of Theora is cast beneath the Worldwound's fell glow, the result of a vampiric ritual that is slowly draining the world of life. As a Hunter of the Wayfarer's Guild, you have been tasked with making a perilous expedition to the continent of Tisis - where the Curseblood Monarch and her court awaits. Only by slaying her, can you be free of the infection that is consuming you from within. 

Initiation is a repeatable adventure that will be run once monthly, allowing you to dive deeper into Aeturnum II's new mechanics and hone your skills as a Hunter.

Tickets and more info will be available at arcaniststavern.uk/events

# Chapter 1: Adrestia (26/06/2026)

AETURNUM II: QUEST BOARD CHAPTER I - TICKETS ON SALE MONDAY 29th - 6:30PM

Your journey to the end of the world begins deep within the cloying smog, and rune-marked battlements of your former home. 

Adrestia.

In this chapter, the following Quests are available to you: 

**DISINTEGRATION:** Clear out a daemonic infestation plaguing the Undercity, and enlist the aid of an unlikely ally to uncover its true source. 

**HEARTS OF STONE:** Help one of Adrestia’s most controversial Speakers determine which of her subordinates are already ravenous vampiric thralls. 

**THE WAGER:** Resolve a high-stakes hostage situation before a retinue of lethal automata descend and turn the scene into a bloodbath. 

**ANATHEMA:** Track down a rogue vampiric alchemist stalking the Silver District and force them to formulate a remedy for the Petrification Sickness.

Tickets and more info will be available at arcaniststavern.uk/events