Tags: #OM

2026 CHARACTER CREATION GUIDELINES

Starting Level
You start at level 3.
If you are creating a new character after retiring a previous one you can keep your old level.

Ability Scores
Please use point buy or standard array for ability scores. Rolling for stats is currently not allowed to keep things balanced fairly for everyone playing.

Character Backstories
The first Aeturnum session you play will always be our Aeturnum II: Prologue ‘Requiem’ module.

“Please... you have to remember...’

You are engulfed in a flash of light. The cloying reek of iron burns your throat as you awaken drowning in blood. You thrash within the dark, as the memories of who you are and how you came to this place trickle away, until only hunger remains.”

The above is a brief description of your characters’ starting point in the Aeturnum II Prologue: ‘Requiem’ module. Please keep this in mind when creating your backstory.

You are a citizen of the sprawling city state of Adrestia, based on the continent of Esos, but you will begin your journey with amnesia. You may choose one defining memory to hold onto, as the rest of your life begins to slip away. An elaborate backstory is not required to play Aeturnum II, as the story ahead defines your character, however, Aeturnum II is an immersive and emotionally-driven campaign - that tackles a variety of mature themes. We ask that players understand this
before joining, and respect the tone of the world, treating each other with empathy and respect at all times.

The player Code of Conduct must be read prior to creating a character. Your backstory must not include themes relating to sexual violence, racism, ableism, transphobia or any other real world hate crimes. Depictions of underage/minor characters from players are also not allowed due to the mature themes that may be explored in sessions. Any characters breaking our Code of Conduct will be refused.

Feats/Spells/Optional Features
Rule of thumb for feats & spells; make sure it’s not marked as legacy or expanded rules. They must be from the 2024 PHB, or the approved additional Sourcebooks listed below.

Starting Equipment
Please use Standard Equipment based on your Class/Background. Whilst you are starting at Level 3 please use the Level 1 guidelines for equipment. You will not need to roll for gold, as any gold you do possess is worthless in the Red Isles.

“Newly reborn, you have awoken within the blood-soaked depths of a vast machine, with no recollection of the events that led you here. Your memories are fractured, and your surroundings wholly unfamiliar."

As such, you wouldn't have had a chance to bring extra provisions or plan for the journey ahead. Top Tip: If you are playing a class with a weapon mastery choose one that matches your equipment!

Sourcebooks, Classes, Subclasses, Backgrounds & Species

Approved Sourcebooks
- Players Handbook (2024) - PHB
- Ravenloft the Horror’s Within (2026) - RTHW
- Eberron: Forge of the Artificer (2025) - EFOTA
- Forgotten Realms: Heroes of Faerun (2025) - FRHOF

Classes/Subclasses: (PHB, RTHW, EFOTA, FRHOF)

Barbarian
- Path of the Berserker - PHB Free Rules
- Path of the World Tree - PHB
- Path of the Wild Heart - PHB
- Path of the Zealot - PHB

Bard
- College of Glamour - PHB
- College of Lore - PHB Free Rules
- College of Valor - PHB
- College of Dance - PHB
- College of Spirits - RTHW
- College of the Moon - FRHOF

Cleric
- Life Domain - PHB Free Rules
- Light Domain - PHB
- Trickery Domain - PHB
- War Domain - PHB
- Grave Domain - RTHW

Druid
- Circle of the Land - PHB Free Rules
- Circle of the Moon - PHB
- Circle of the Stars - PHB
- Circle of the Sea - PHB

Fighter
- Battle Master - PHB
- Champion - PHB Free Rules
- Eldritch Knight - PHB
- Psi Warrior - PHB
- Banneret - FRHOF

Monk
- Warrior of Mercy - PHB
- Warrior of Shadow - PHB
- Warrior of the Elements - PHB
- Warrior of the Open Hand - PHB Free Rules

Paladin
- Oath of Devotion -PHB Free Rules
- Oath of Glory - PHB
- Oath of Vengeance - PHB
- Oath of the Ancients - PHB
- Oath of the Noble Genies - FRHOF

Ranger
- Beast Master - PHB
- Fey Wanderer - PHB
- Gloom Stalker - PHB
- Hunter - PHB Free Rules
- Winter Walker - FRHOF

Rogue
- Arcane Trickster - PHB
- Assassin - PHB
- Soulknife - PHB
- Thief - PHB Free Rules
- Phantom - RTHW

Sorcerer
- Aberrant Sorcery - PHB
- Clockwork Sorcery - PHB
- Draconic Sorcery - PHB Free Rules
- Wild Magic Sorcery - PHB
- Spellfire - FRHOF
- Shadow Sorcery - RTHW

Warlock
- Archfey Patron - PHB
- Celestial Patron - PHB
- Fiend Patron - PHB Free Rules
- Great Old One Patron - PHB

Wizard
- Abjurer - PHB
- Diviner - PHB
- Evoker - PHB Free Rules
- Illusionist - PHB
- Bladesong - FRHOF

Backgrounds
Backgrounds now give you, ability score bonuses & an Origin feat
per the new rules.
- Acolyte - Free Rules
- Artisan - PHB
- Carouser - ABOH
- Charlatan - PHB
- Criminal - Free Rules
- Entertainer - PHB
- Farmer - PHB
- Flaming Fist - FRHOF
- Guard - PHB
- Guide (used to be Outlander) - PHB
- Haunted One - RTHW
- Hermit - PHB
- Investigator - RTHW
- Merchant - PHB
- Noble - PHB
- Sage - Free Rules
- Sailor - PHB
- Scribe - PHB
- Shadow Master’s Exile - FRHOF
- Soldier - Free Rules
- Spirit Medium - RTHW
- Vampire Survivor - ABOH
- Wayfarer (used to be Urchin) - PHB

Feats
All Feats from the PHB are permitted, along with the selected feats below from the approved additional sourcebooks
- Aberrant Dragonmark - EFOTA
- Bomber - ABOH
- Dark Gifts: Gathered Whispers - RTHW
- Dark Gifts: Living Shadow - RTHW
- Dark Gifts: Touch of Death - RTHW
- Delicious Pain - ABOH
- Dragonmark: Mark of Detection - EFOTA
- Dragonmark: Mark of Finding - EFOTA
- Dragonmark: Mark of Healing - EFOTA
- Dragonmark: Mark of Passage - EFOTA
- Dragonmark: Mark of Scribing - EFOTA
- Dragonmark: Mark of Shadow - EFOTA
- Dragonmark: Mark of Sentinel - EFOTA
- Dragonmark: Mark of Warding - EFOTA
- Spellfire spark - FRHOF
- Survivor - RTHW
- Tireless Reveler - ABOH
- Vampire Hunter - ABOH

Species
Races have been renamed species & no longer give you ability score bonuses.
- Aasimar - PHB
- Dragonborn (All Colours) - PHB
- Dwarf - Free Rules
- Elf (Drow, High Elf & Wood Elf) - Free Rules
- Gnome (Forest & Rock) - Free Rules
- Goliath (Cloud, Fire, Frost, Hill, Stone & Storm) - Free Rules
- Halfling - Free Rules
- Hexblood - RTHW
- Human - Free Rules
- Orc - PHB
- Tiefling (Abyssal, Chthonic & Infernal) - PHB

Things to Know about 5.5e/ Miscellaneous
- A good rule of thumb is if there’s a 2024 version use the 2024 version.

DnD Beyond settings for character building:
- Expanded Rules (XGtE, TCoE) - OFF
- 2014 Core Rules - OFF
- Legacy - OFF
- Homebrew - OFF
- Partnered Content - OFF
- Optional Class Features - OFF
- Customise Origin - OFF

- Equipment, spells & various things can be filtered when searching to only show Core Rules.
- There are no Multiclassing restrictions other than the usual mechanical restrictions, optimise away!
- If you permanently die in Aeternum & sadly need to reroll a character you can keep your old level for your new character.

Things that aren’t allowed so the game doesn’t break
- Artificers are not an option in the Red Isles.
- Firearms are not available in the Red Isles.
- Bastions are not available in the Red Isles.
- Revivify is not an option in the Red Aisles.
- Power over life & death belongs to ~~The Nine~~ Haera Agelamorn alone.