Tags: #OM 
# Autobow

An ornate wrist mounted crossbow, consecrated with divine wards and capable of firing rapid bursts of silvered bolts.

The Autobow is a simple ranged weapon with a range of 30/120 ft.

It can be fired as an action, allowing you to make up to three attacks. Its bolts are silvered, and deal 1d6 damage.

Undead creatures struck by these bolts are inflicted with the Slow condition as the consecrated bolts burn through their flesh, and have their movement speed reduced by 10 ft until the start of your next turn. This condition does not stack if the same target creature is struck more than once.

# Crucible Shield

A retractable wrist-mounted shield. The Crucible Shield can be unfolded to its full size in combat, absorbing the kinetic impact of incoming blows, and releasing them in a sudden burst of etheric flames.

While equipped, the Crucible Shield can be used in place of a standard Shield if you are proficient in their use. Providing +2 AC bonus.

Additionally, when targeted in combat with a melee or spell attack, the Crucible Shield can be used as a reaction. Your AC is boosted by +5 and if the attack is successfully deflected, the shields mechanism is charged.

You can target a single creature within 5ft, unleashing a blast of etheric flames in their direction as you strike them with the shield. They must make a Dexterity Saving Throw (DC8 + your proficiency bonus + your Strength modifier) or take 2D8 Fire damage and be knocked prone if the target creature is medium or smaller. On a success the damage is halved, and the creature suffers no other effects.
# Grappleshot

This wrist-mounted gadget can be activated as an action on your turn, firing out a reinforced cable onto a target surface within 40 ft of you.

Make a Dexterity check + your Proficiency Modifier. On a result equal to or higher than the structure's AC, the cable latches itself to the specified point, allowing you to swing across gaps or possibly climb steep walls. You can have the cable detach itself from a surface as a bonus action, returning it to your bracer.

STANDARDIZED TERRAIN EXAMPLES

Normal Terrain: AC8
Difficult Terrain: AC10
Reinforced or Challenging Terrain: AC16

Additionally, you can choose to recall the cable without detaching it, pulling you towards the targeted surface before retracting completely. If the targeted surface is a Medium or smaller object, it is pulled towards you instead.

TARGETING CREATURES

If it is a Medium or smaller creature, they must make a Strength saving throw (DC8+your proficiency bonus + your Strength modifier), immediately being pulled towards you on a failed save, or pulling you towards then on a successful one.

# Stake Driver

This concealed wrist-mounted blade boasts a quietly complex design, driving a blessed silver stake into the flesh of your target.

The Stake Driver is a simple melee weapon with a range of 5ft.

As an action, you can make a melee attack or melee spell attack against a target creature. Its blade is silvered and deals 1D12 Piercing + 1D8 Radiant damage.

Before attacking, spellcasters can expend a levelled spell slot, imbuing the blessed stake with additional power to increase the Radiant damage by 1D8.

Undead creatures impaled by this stake have disadvantage on their next attack roll or saving throw.