---
tags:
  - Other
---
The 'Aeturnum (Nathan)' folder of this shared drive is for files written by me (Nathan - AKA Orinoco or Amelia Maizing). It is written in line with events as they occur at the tables I'm at, and it's all very much my 'headcanon'. You're welcome to read everything here, and I'd love to hear your feedback. If you spot anything you think is incorrect - especially about your own characters - absolutely let me know. You can message me on Discord at 'TwisTurtle' / 'TiePig'.

**PLEASE DO NOT EDIT THESE FILES YOURSELF!** Partly because it may mess up the way GitHub keeps my files synced up with everyone else, but mainly because it will confuse the hell out of me.

I'll use this page to record what sessions I've done in a month, so that you can see if you'll run into spoilers for a session you haven't done yet. I'll clear it out again after the last quest board night of each month. 

Sessions done (July):
- Initiation
- Anathema

I'll add details to all pages based on whether they came up in the session (e.g. if we learn something new about Haera in a quest board, I'll add it to Haera's page as well as the page for that quest board) without any further spoiler tags, so if you're trying to avoid for a specific quest board, explore this folder at your own risk. 

If there are any details about your character you don't want included here, please let me know and I'll remove them. I also won't record which player owns which character other than my own, just because I'm a bit twitchy about privacy. There shouldn't be any details on players anywhere in this folder.