Tags: #SessionNotes

- People
- Preamble
- Summary
- - Dream Sequence Intro
- - Memories
- - Session Start
- - - Harvest Chamber
- - - Blood Vat
- - - Prison/Torture Chamber
- - - Teleportation Chamber
- - - Epilogue
# People

GM - Gilli

## PCs:
[[Beetle]] (They/Them) - Divination Wizard - Hexblood
[[Valkath|Valkath StoneHeart Gathynakari]] (She/Her) - Druid/Barbarian - Stone Goliath
[[Orinoco]] (She/Her) - Circle of Stars Druid - Aasimar
[[Abyssian]] (?/?) - Great Old One Warlock - Black Dragonborn
[[Milo]] - (He/They) - Battle Master Fighter - Halfling
[[Wally]] (She/They) - Evocation Wizard - Elf
[[Marcello Gangrene]] (He/They) - Champion Fighter - Orc

## NPCs

[[Elaric Valent]]
[[Haera Agelamorn]]
[[Henrietta]]
[[Scarlet]]
# Preamble

[[06. Timeline|20 years after]] the [[0.1. Genesis (Prelude)|failed Genesis Expedition]], we are members of the [[Wayfarer’s Guild]]. Citizens of [[Adrestia]], our mission is to kill [[Haera Agelamorn]] and close the [[Worldwound]].

Quotes from character creation sheet:

“Please... you have to remember...’

You are engulfed in a flash of light. The cloying reek of iron burns your throat as you awaken drowning in blood. You thrash within the dark, as the memories of who you are and how you came to this place trickle away, until only hunger remains.”

“Newly reborn, you have awoken within the blood-soaked depths of a vast machine, with no recollection of the events that led you here. Your memories are fractured, and your surroundings wholly unfamiliar."

# Summary

## Dream Sequence Intro

"Caught between a premonition and a memory", I find myself crawling through a pile of mutilated corpses and sun bleached bone. As I climb to the top, I come across a woman with red hair. She's still alive, but mutilated, all limbs gone. She wears a tattered black and gold uniform that matches mine.  She's scared of me, and says "Please... You have to remember..." I draw a weapon and stab her in the heart. As I do, she smiles, and says "It's not your fault."

"Time bleeds together, past and present and future. The wound becomes the world, and the world swallows you whole." (rough quote)

## Memories

We wake up hanging upside down in darkness, pierced all over, like an animal that had been prepped for bleeding by a butcher. It feels like we're drowning. [[Memory Loss|All of our memories are gone except for one.]] 

**Beetle:** Chased away from his village 'for being helpful'. He was an alchemist, and brewed potions to heal people, but the potions often had unintended side effects such as turning people blue. He insists that he always made people healthier and never hurt anyone.

**Valkath:** Lost in a forest for days, starving. She hunted and killed a deer, mourning and honouring its sacrifice. She now wears the deer's antlers as tribute.

**Orinoco:** Walking along a river with her mother as a child, and her mother telling her the meaning of 'Orinoco' - It means "The place where we go paddling together."

**Abyssian:** Working as an astrologer, and studying the [[Worldwound]]. He looked deep into the wound, and there he found his power.

**Milo:** Training in a courtyard with friends, sparring, teamwork, and comradery. 

**Wally:** Childhood, and a dark memory of becoming separated from their mother.

**Marcello:** What felt like a recent memory, with intense deja vu. Sitting by a fire in a tavern, feeling safe and content, yet also lonely. 

## Session Start

### Harvesting Chamber

The sounds of machinery; clicking, clanking, the hiss of air released. Then suddenly light appears, as though a door opened in front of us. We drop to the ground in a pool of blood and viscera. We fell from [[Technology|coffin-like tanks]] covered in occult symbols. 

A human woman - the same woman as from the dream sequence - appears. She is no longer mutilated, and still wearing the same black and gold uniform. She claims to be the one who woke us up and got us out of the tanks, and identifies herself as [[Scarlet]], our commanding officer. She seems indifferent to our plight, but also keen to save us. When Wally asks Scarlet where we are, she realises that we're all suffering from complete memory loss.

Scarlet explains that we're in [[Tisis]], and were on an expedition to fight and kill [[Haera Agelamorn]], the vampiric Queen of Tisis, based in Aernoc, the capital city of Tisis. We were captured and brought to this foundry just outside of Aernoc Palace, where we would have had our blood drained. The blood would have been pumped to the palace to feed [[Haera's Forces]], while we would have had vampiric blood pumped in and been converted into bloodkin. 

Orinoco grabs and inspects Scarlet's arms, trying to work out how they were reattached, asking Scarlet who her surgeon is. Scarlet doesn't like being touched, but asks Orinoco 'have you still got them?' to which Orinoco replies yes, patting her breasts. Scarlet says "Yes, I can see you have your tits, I look at them a lot", but that she was referring to a packet of cigarettes that Orinoco stole from her. At this point, we all realise that we have absolutely nothing on us except our uniforms - no weapons or gear. We also wear on our wrists a band that has an oval-shaped recess on it, clearly used for slotting something in. Scarlet wears one as well, but hers has a device inserted in the groove. 

The lights suddenly go dark, and other tanks begin to open with the same clanking and hissing. Bloodkin - grotesque monsters with too many teeth - begin to emerge, and start moving towards us. Scarlet orders us to run. A sealed door at the far end blocks our escape. All of us make it to the door except Wally, who ran too slow, and Beetle, who became stunned. Valkath turns into an elk and runs down the bloodkin attacking Wally, while Orinoco Guiding Bolts the one going for Beetle. The bloodkin seem easy to kill, but the sheer amount of them makes it impossible to stay and fight. Marcello and Scarlet are able to get the door open and we all pile in, sealing it behind us.

### Blood Vat

We emerge into a new, vast chamber. Multiple platforms and walk ways hang above a pool of molten blood. On the far side, the room transitions from the metallic, industrial environment of the castle into gothic stone walls, denoting the start of Aernoc Castle. Steam floats up from the blood, making visibility difficult. The drop between the platforms and the blood is about 30ft..

We encounter a 9ft. tall mechanical creature, vaguely humanoid in design. At its centre, there is a machine that looks seemingly identical to the coffin-like tanks we emerged from. Scarlet identifies it as [[Henrietta]], and it is an ally. Henrietta is incapable of speech, and only beeps/chirps, but it seems to have some level of sentience, and recognises us. It is particularly fond of Beetle, who it hugs and carries. Henrietta produces a trunk full of our gear and weapons.

(Above table note: Henrietta is based on Gilli's cat - assume plot armour accordingly)

Scarlet tells us we need to get to the door on the far side and move through into the castle, where we'll find a [[Technology|Teleportation Gate]] that will get us out of here. She mentions that our Guild Master, [[Elaric Valent]] is currently causing a distraction to cover our escape. She goes on to explain that Aernoc Palace is partially submerged within the [[03. Elements from Aeturnum 1|Astral Corridor]], and that the teleportation gates are being used to bring more victims to the foundry, but that we have hijacked them. Scarlet seems unsure about Elaric, commenting that he's 'Good with a sword, but...' 

(Above table note: this confirms that the Astral Corridor is not closed, as previously believed)

She then produces multiple oval-shaped devices, and tells us to place them in our wristbands. She explains that they are a type of [[004. Hunter's Tools|Hunter's Tool]] called a 'Grappleshot' - we can use them to traverse the pit, though they are somewhat risky to use, particularly for low DEX characters. Between us and the door, there is one large platform, meaning that at least two large gaps need to be crossed. 

Before we begin trying to cross, we all roll a WIS save, hearing whispers and faint laughter in our minds. Those who fail hear a voice more clearly, commenting that we are 'poor souls' (rough quote). After failing his roll, Abyssian tries to investigate further, by telepathically reaching out to the molten blood below. He receives a response, 'Stop talking! I haven't given you permission. Enjoy having me inside of you.' (rough quote)

We ask Scarlet who is inside our head, with Abyssian saying "Someone is inside me without my consent!" She explains that it is Haera, and that we are under the effects of the [[Curseblood Plague]], though the exact meaning and effect of this is unknown, other than the fact that it will eventually lead to us being corrupted and turned into thralls/bloodkin. It seems that we gained this curse while inside the coffin-like tanks, though this is unclear. Scarlet gives us a physical description of Haera, and Abyssian uses Disguise Self to attempt to look like her. The appearance is close enough that Henrietta is upset by it, but Scarlet comments that the real Haera looks more unnatural, and "she got them big unnaturals" (referring to breast size).

We begin to cross the blood vat. In order to prevent Valkath from having to leave her elk form, Beetle casts Spider Climb on her, enabling her to climb up the wall. Wally casts Spider Climb on herself, and Orinoco transforms into a Giant Lizard. The three of them scale the wall and cross the ceiling to the far side, attaching some ropes along the way to give extra support. Scarlet climbs on Henrietta, who leaps across to the centre platform while still carrying Beetle. Abyssian uses the grappling hook and rolls well, but still has trouble sticking the landing. As more people land on the centre platform, it becomes shakier and shakier, suspended in the air only by a few thick wire cables going to the ceiling. Marcello and Milo cross over using the grappling hooks as well, attaching themselves to Henrietta instead of the platform itself. 

Once we are all on or beyond the middle platform, we are suddenly wracked with excruciating mental and physical pain. We hear the whisper in our minds again, louder. The voice is unplaceable; androgynous, lacking identifiable accent and tone. "I ebb and flow through you. Accept the gift and say thank you, and I may just let you live" (rough quote). Some party members say thank you, and the pain slowly ends for all of us. 

(Above table note: Unclear on if we HAD to say 'thank you' or it would have ended either way)

As the party members on the centre platform begin to move towards the next jump, there is a loud rumbling/crashing sound. Some of the back cables of the platform begin to snap, and the platform begins to fall. The three Spider-Climbers are all easily able to get to the far side, and Orinoco exits wildshape to try and assist the others. Scarlet and Henrietta leap ahead - Henrietta had placed Beetle down while they were writhing in pain, but forgot to pick him up again. Beetle casts Jump on themself and leaps across. The second gap is small enough that Milo is able to leap across with a running jump.

Abyssian and Marcello attempt to use the grappling hooks, but both are unsuccessful - their grapples detaching as they are half way across. Orinoco casts Thorn Whip and grabs Abyssian, pulling him across the final distance. The rest of the party attempts to save Marcello, but are unsuccessful, and Marcello plummets into the blood below, taking 100D8 Fire damage. 

Marcello falls into darkness, and sees a pale figure, with long hair and distorted facial features, that speaks to him. "Get up. Don't be selfish, I'm having fun watching you fuck around and find out." (rough quote) The figure goes on to explain that Marcello doesn't get to die yet, and Marcello suddenly respawns in a burst of viscera, alongside everyone on the far side of the blood vat. He is [[04. Game Mechanics|afflicted]], and cannot stop bleeding. Slashing and Piercing damage does 1D4 additional damage from now on. 

Scarlet tells us the rumbling was most likely caused by Elaric's distraction, and that we need to move. She talks in a bit more detail about Elaric, and at this point, Abyssian casts Detect Thoughts on her, while several others Insight check her. (Above table note: Gilli passed Chris a note at this point, which was not shared with the group) The implication seems to be that although Scarlet seems to really dislike Elaric on the surface, she is overcompensating and there is something more there, possibly even a romantic/sexual interest. Abyssian tries to delve deeper, but Scarlet passes her check and becomes aware. She gets angry at Abyssian, and yells "I don't ever want to see you again, but also maybe I do because I need to talk to someone about this!"

At this point, the bloodkin burst through into the far side of the blood vat, as well as coming out of several vents and pipes nearer to us. Scarlet orders us to run, barricade the door behind us, and find Elaric. She and Henrietta remain behind to delay the bloodkin. We do as ordered, and we can hear the sounds of combat - Henrietta happily chirping away and bloodkin screaming, implying that Scarlet and Henrietta are powerful combatants.

As we progress, we are all forced to make a CON saving throw. Everyone except Marcello fails, causing us to double over and begin vomiting black blood. We hear a voice in our heads, clearly Haera. "How long are you going to fight?" followed by similar comments to those made the previous times, but we recover and move on.

### Prison/Torture Chamber

We enter a huge room that would have once been grand, but has been filled with cages hanging from the ceiling. The cages are filled with countless bodies; broken, mutilated, blackened and rotting, implying that they've been there a long time. Searching for a way out, Orinoco and Valkath (no longer in elk form) spot a red light and hear the sound of coughing and wheezing. We find a side chamber, that is clearly a torture room of some kind. Around the room, bound to the walls or various torture devices, there are nine wayfarers, wearing the same uniforms as us. They've been heavily tortured and mutilated, and eight of them are dead. The injuries they suffered vary, but they all have visible bite marks all over their bodies, but particularly at the neck. The coughing is coming from the one living wayfarer, who Orinoco and Valkath approach.

(WARNING: Next paragraph includes graphic description of mutilation)

The living wayfarer is clearly not long for the world. He has been surgically opened up just below his rib cage. His ribs have been broken and twisted out, and his lungs have been extracted, while still attached. His lungs have been propped up behind him, pierced and stretched and distorted, to the point that they resemble wings. Other injuries include a significant amount of bite marks.

(end of graphic description)

He is conscious, and sees us coming. He is happy to see us, thinking that we're here to save him. He is distraught when he realises that we don't remember who we are, or who he is, but he identifies himself as [[Theolyn Esmond]], another wayfarer and a friend of ours who seems to know us well. He helped Orinoco steal Scarlet's cigarettes. After a brief conversation, Orinoco places her hands either side of his head, and tells him to think of a happy memory. Theolyn's eyes go soft, then suddenly an amber glimmer flashes through them. Orinoco casts a Guiding Bolt inside Theolyn's head, killing him. 

After this, Valkath finds the red light we spotted before - there is a recess in the wall of the torture chamber, which when triggered reveals a stairwell leading downwards. Next to the door, there is a table laden with objects - trinkets, owned by all the wayfarers that had been killed, along with multiple Hunters Tools. Milo collects the trinkets, which include wedding rings, letters, prayer books, etc.. He finds a photo of him and Theolyn together, looking happy. Theolyn is holding a baby. 

(Above table note: we were presented with three more Hunter's Tools - The Autobow, The Stake Driver, and The Crucible Shield - and were allowed to swap the grappling hook out if we wished)

### Teleportation Chamber

We head downstairs, having not identified any other paths forward. We emerge into another large chamber, filled with machinery. A gangway crosses over from us to a central platform, where we can see a large circular archway - the Teleportation Gate - and a control panel beyond it. It is inactive, but has power. Around the walls, there are countless coffin-like tanks, spiralling upwards into darkness. The room seemingly has no ceiling, and occult symbols of an unknown nature can be seen in various locations. Beetle and Orinoco approach the console, investigating it to work out how to get it working. While investigating, Beetle deduces that the amount of energy being produced and directed into this room is far more than what the Teleportation Gate would need, and that there is some intrinsic link between the gate and the tanks. He suspects that this room is used to send large amounts of bloodkin to far away places near-instantly.

(Above table note: Based on the visual on the map, the gate is definitely big enough for a Large creature to pass through, possibly even large enough for a Huge creature, but this was not confirmed at table)

Klaxons ring out, and machinery begins to move. Nine tanks are removed from the walls and placed into slots surrounding the central platform, and a bloodkin emerges from each one. We engage in combat while Beetle tries to get the Teleportation Gate working. Milo is able to instantly charge one off the platform, where it falls into an unknown void. Valkath is attacked, and we discover that the bloodkin are able to infect the [[04. Game Mechanics|Bleed & Haemorrhage]] condition on us. Abyssian casts Bless on himself, Beetle, Orinoco, and Marcello - which comes in the form of a vision in our minds of a naked Abyssian emerging from a calm (a la 'The Birth of Venus').

Orinoco activates Heavenly Fins - her legs fuse together as she takes the form of a mermaid, swimming through the air. She takes up a defensive position above Beetle and starts casting spells, though she misses. Combat continues, with multiple party members hit, but several bloodkin taken down as well. The bloodkin are squishy, with less than 18HP. Their individual attacks are weak, but the stacks of Bleed & Haemorrhage would be devastating if maxed out and triggered. Three bloodkin surround Beetle, trying to kill them before they get the gate open, but he climbs up onto the console and uses Dragon's Breath. The power of it is enough to kill all three instantly, revealing that bloodkin are weak to fire damage. 

As Valkath takes more damage, approaching her maximum amount of Bleed stacks, a shadowy figure drops down from the void above, past the flying Orinoco and lands, instantly carving into a bloodkin. It is Elaric, who is in communication with Scarlet, informing her that he's found the party, and she should make her way here. Elaric starts issuing orders, complimenting people on their work, and Abyssian telepathically tells him what he found out about Scarlet while reading her mind. This causes Elaric to become confused and distracted. At this point, Scarlet and Henrietta arrive. With the reinforcements, we quickly dispatch the last of the bloodkin, and the Teleportation Circle begins to power up. 

Before we're able to do anything more, a pulse of energy hit the console, and the machine erupts, as we are engulfed in an explosion. We're plunged into darkness, and then a white light, as we see a blurred figure that speaks to us. "Do you think you get to stop just because you fell down? You're mine. Get up. I decide when you die." (rough quote)

### Epilogue

We awaken three days later. We are in a wagon, on our way back to [[Adrestia]]. Elaric explains what has happened to us; we've been infected with the [[Curseblood Plague]], and are slowly turning into thralls of Haera. We are each attached to a drip bag, which is pumping a [[Technology|dark-coloured serum]] into us. It will slow the progress of the plague, but not stop/reverse it. Elaric believes the plague can be cured, but also believes a central part of finding/administering that cure will be killing Haera. He talks briefly about the [[Worldwound]], saying that Haera caused it to open while she was trying to achieve some unknown magic. He tells us we'll be back in Adrestia soon, and our mission to bring Haera down will continue. 