---
tags:
  - SessionNotes
aliases:
  - Genesis
---
**Contents**
- [[#People]]
	- [[#PCs]]
	- [[#NPCs]]
- [[#Summary]]
	- [[#Introduction]]
	- [[#Arrival in Aernoc]]
	- [[#Battle Against Haera]]
	- [[#Epilogue]]
# People

**GM:** Rory
## PCs
[[Victims of the Genesis Expedition#The Greenhorn|The Greenhorn]] (He/Him) - Oath of the Ancients Paladin - Human
[[Victims of the Genesis Expedition#Karmen Berana|Karmen Berana]] (She/Her) - College of Dance Bard / Monk - Human
[[Victims of the Genesis Expedition#Loup Garou|Loup Garou]] (She/Her) - Circle of the Moon Druid - Human
[[Five Lieutenants#Elowen Argall|Elowen Argall]] (She/They) - Oath of Vengeance Paladin / Fiend Patron Warlock - Human
[[Victims of the Genesis Expedition#Riff Rapplebeard|Riff Rapplebeard]] (He/Him) - Champion Fighter - Hill Dwarf
[[Victims of the Genesis Expedition#Mayday|Mayday]] (She/They) - Fey Wanderer Ranger - Abyssal Tiefling
## NPCs

Allies;
- [[Eris Pentaghast]], First Blade of Adrestia (First appearance)
- [[Speakers#Lenore|Lenore]], Speaker of Adrestia, Occultists (First appearance in campaign 2)
- [[Speakers#Vivian|Vivian]], Speaker of Adrestia, Typhon Foundry (First appearance in campaign 2)
- [[Other NPCs#Ves Talshen|Ves Talshen]] (Assumed, First appearance in campaign 2)
- [[Speakers#Lady Zarissa|Lady Zarissa]], Speaker of Adrestia, The Undercity (First appearance in campaign 2)

Enemies;
- [[Haera Agelamorn]]
# Summary
## Introduction

[[06. Timeline|10 years after]] the death of [[The Nine|Elias Jassen]], [[Adrestia]] has been governed by a council of [[Speakers]], representing all the different groups, organisations, guilds, and peoples of Adrestia. The formation of the council was hindered by the framing of the Chairman of Aldwych Academy, who was accused of crimes against Adrestia and being associated with [[03. Elements from Aeturnum 1#Cult of the Formless Mind|The Cult of the Formless Mind]]. Despite this, the council was able to take control, and Adrestia seems to have thrived. 

The [[Worldwound]], a blackhole-esque void surrounded by red and purple energies of an unknown nature, opened up in the skies above the vampiric continent of [[Tisis]]. After this, vampiric hoards began to roam, and people began to become effected by the [[Petrification Curse]]. In response, the speakers have summoned all the [[Victims of the Genesis Expedition|heroes of Adrestia]] to mount an all out offensive against [[Tisis#Aernoc Palace|Aernoc Palace]] and Haera Agelamorn, having identified her as the source.

We were summoned to [[Adrestia#Ivandara Temple|Ivandara Temple]] to be briefed, before departing. Three speakers (Lenore, Zarissa, Vivian) met with us, plus [[Adrestia#First Blade|First Blade]] [[Eris Pentaghast]], who selected us for the mission. Zarissa was accompanied by Ves Talshen, who was deceptive about her identity. We were to be dispatched on airships, including the Phospherian Five, a flagship vessel that contained the [[Technology#The Diluxium Sphere|Diluxium Sphere]], a powerful artificial sun, designed to repel the vampires. Zarissa made several objections to the cost of this expedition, and comments were made about the absence of 'our mentor', [[Elaric Valent]], who had recently disappeared. 

(Above table note: There is confusion as to whether anyone remembers the existence of the Riftborn - Will ask Luna/GM at prologue)
## Arrival in Aernoc

We took flight in the airships, and proceeded to Aernoc Palace undisturbed. Upon arriving, [[Haera's Forces|vampiric hoards]] sought to bring the ship down, but were repelled by the Diluxium Sphere and the Phospherian Five's railguns. More powerful entities emerged and created localised shields against the artificial sunlight, so we were deployed to battle them on the ground. 

(Above table note: All that follows is a description based on the events of my table, but I believe all five tables had the same encounters and options)

We engaged in battle with bloodkin-esque creatures (minions), vampiric knights, a vampire commander, archers that shoot arrows of blood, and a twin-entity called Warden & Witch. The Witch was responsible for the shield that blocked the sun, while chained to the Warden, who was responsible for keeping her safe.

Some of the enemies were able to inflict a stacking 'Bleed' [[04. Game Mechanics#Bleed & Haemorrhage|condition]], in which each attack could add another stack, before the triggering of 'Haemorrhage', which did a number of dice damage equal to the stacks. The damage die was determined by the targets hit die. (Bleed/Haemorrhage may have been unique to Rory)

The Greenhorn was able to cast Daylight, bringing back the sun in a localized area. This instantly killed the minion creatures, and weakened the other combatants. Loup, Elowen, and Mayday were then able to dispatch the Warden & Witch, while Karmen and Riff took care of the commander and knights. The combat was challenging, with several party members going into death saves, but all survived.

We short-rested, and had to roll a Wisdom Save against the effect of being so close to the Worldwound. A 22 failed, though the exact result of this was unseen. Eris Pentaghast joined us, and we proceeded through a festering garden filled with rotting plant life and statues that were assumedly Tisis citizens, victims of the petrification curse. 

Mayday investigated, taking samples of plants, pollen, and the stone of the statues. While doing so, she discovered that the statues still had organic components inside, and speculated that the people inside were still alive - essentially being stored as 'blood lunchboxes' for vampires. We also concluded that this nature of petrification is different to other sources, such as the effects of a basilisk. 
## Aernoc Palace

We entered Aernoc palace to find the walls and floor covered in the blood and viscera seemingly hundreds of people. The air was stagnant, with a sickening perfume drifting in from a large set of double doors to the left. A grand staircase led up, above which a chandelier hung bleeding/dripping with blood. To the right, a set of five metallic doors, similar to the heavy metal doors of an industrial fridge.

Elowen and Mayday investigated the large double doors, and found a ballroom. On the far side of the room, a table was covered in rotting humanoid body parts, arranged on plates. They were in an advanced state of decay, and responsible for the sickening perfume we could smell. The room was in a state of ruin, and many undead servants were trying in vain to clean it. They were delusional, performing small actions like plucking a single loose hair from a pool of blood and moving it to another pool. They would mutter expressions like 'continuity is vital' and 'nothing out of place'. All the servants had been mutilated, with missing limbs and eyes, and some servants were slowly petrifying, suggesting that the petrification curse impacts the undead too.

In one corner, a young undead woman was dancing with a corpse. Elowen made contact with her, and learned that she had been 'practicing her dancing for her majesty', and that she needed to practice for 10,000 hours, despite one of her legs being visibly broken and rotten. Based on Elowen's questioning, the woman had not been ordered specifically to do this, she just felt compelled as a way to make 'her majesty' happy. After trying to lure Mayday into dancing, the woman turned hostile, and had to be dispatched. After this, the two returned to the entry hall.

Meanwhile, Karmen investigated the five metal doors. Opening each, she found similar scenes behind all five - corridors of indeterminate length, lined on both sides with disturbing artworks made from mutilated humanoid bodies, which stuck out of the frames (think 'Gladys' from that one episode of Friends).  Without being able to see a difference between them, Karmen investigated the middle corridor.

Each artwork had a plaque, all of which seemed to list crimes, such as 'Traitor', 'Infidel', and 'Cheat'. As Karmen passed one, the person called out to her, still alive, begging for help. The person appeared to be a male mechanist, but not one Karman recognized from the expedition. Believing the man to be saveable (rolled a 2 on a medicine check), Karmen ripped him off the wall with the intent of taking him back to the party. As she turned to leave, the picture she removed the mechanist from began to warp. Emerging from it was a duplicate of Karmen, clearly dead from torture. The shock causes Karmen to drop the mechanist as she pulled down this duplicate. Using her dancing ability, she takes both the mechanist and her own corpse back to the entry hall, though by this point the mechanist had also died.

While the rest of the party waited for the explorers on the staircase, Riff investigated a noise, and saw his own reflection. The reflection took physical shapes, and Riff got a strange sense of nostalgia for his home and childhood, as his reflection told him, "Don't forget to love her". Riff was bewitched by this till Loup caught his attention.

Regathered, the party headed upstairs. Using her divine sense, Elowen led the charge, trying to find people who were not undead. She could detect them, but time and time again, they expired before we reached them, as the castle seemed to warp and rearrange itself around us. We came to the conclusion that something was toying with us. Loup interrogated a servant, forcing them to show us the way further up. A metallic spiral staircase appeared, and we headed up into the tallest spire of the castle.

At the top, we passed through a narrow passage filled with more petrified statues. These statues were elegant, some with serene expressions on their faces, dressed as knights and noble people. We concluded that these were the courtiers of Tisis, meaning they were vampires, meaning that vampires are susceptible to the petrification curse as well. Eris pointed out that we could hear the sound of the Phospherian Five's engines, and that we must have been getting close. The passage led through onto a large rooftop. 
## Battle Against Haera

Everything out here felt flat and monotone, as though oppressed by a powerful force. We could hear tortured voices in the air, and followed more statues, that were all pointed towards a tall bone-white throne, upon which sat Haera Agelamorn. Mayday attempted to interact with her, to get information, but Loup initiated battle by casting Moon Beam as Phospherian Five arrived and began to charge the Diluxian Sphere. 

During battle, Haera proved to be resistant to piercing damage, but weak to radiant damage, and demonstrated the ability to teleport (Misty Step style). Injuries would heal rapidly, including her dress mending itself. She had powerful physical and magical attacks. At first, we seemed to be doing well against her, delivering multiple strong blows, but taking heavy damage as well. With the Diluxian sphere fully charged, Eris triggered it, lighting up the area in daylight. The railguns then targeted Haera and fired. We saw her body utterly destroyed, melting away to a skeleton and seemingly disintegrated. 

After a moment, Haera reappears, fully formed, out of the blood. Conjuring up all the blood that the castle seemed to be soaked in and focusing it down to a single point, Haera pointed at the Phospherian Five, launching a pinpoint shot of blood. The airship and the Diluxian sphere were both cut in half, and the blood lance continued forward, striking a mountain visible in the distance and cutting that in half as well. 

Turning her attention back to the party, Haera targeted Elowen first, taking her head in both hands and using magic to take control of Elowen's mind, compelling her to fight against the party (concentration effect). One by one, the rest of the party fell; Mayday died first, killed by Haera and Elowen. Mayday's final thoughts were of frustration about not being able to get her samples back to Speaker's Lenore and Vivian. She pulled the samples out and threw them at Elowen. Haera then reanimated her corpse as a thrall. Mayday then went on to kill Riff Rapplebeard, striking much harder than she did in life. Riff's final thoughts were of home and family and his favourite taverns.

Haera targeted Karmen with her 'Deglove' ability, causing flesh to rip itself from Karmen's body. As this did enough damage to reduce Karmen below zero HP, it triggered the additional effect, instantly killing Karmen as her skeleton ripped itself out of her flesh, and joined Haera's side of the battle. However, it was quickly destroyed by Loup's Moon Beam. Karmen's final thoughts were of her deceased husband, Fernando. Haera then animated the boneless flesh.

Seeing the battle lost, Loup and the Greenhorn attempted to flee. Greenhorn misty-stepped onto the back of Loup, who had wildshaped into an ankylosaurus. though the Greenhorn was then quickly brought down by Mayday and Elowen. He fired off a second casting of Daylight, and died believing that the sun would simply fix everything. Haera reanimated his corpse, which immediately began trying to eat the dinosaur.

The last one standing, Loup attempted to wildshape into an owl and fly away, but this was blocked by Haera's magic. (above table: David had previously taken a deal from Rory, where he got to reroll a failed check with advantage in exchange for taking a tarot card - Rory then cashed in the tarot card to block the wildshape) Loup was then torn apart by her former allies, ending the battle. Loup's last thoughts were of her grandchildren, knowing that the Garou family would avenge her death. 

The battle over, Haera took stock, and released Elowen from her bewitchment. Overwhelmed by guilt for what she had done, Elowen dropped her glaive and surrendered to Haera, bidding her to do what she will. Haera ripped Elowen's throat out, chewing all the way through to the spine, before converting her into a thrall.
## Epilogue

Guildhall scene:
Eris - Luna
Haera - Gilli

Three months pass. In this time, Eris - seemingly still alive and unthralled - was tortured to near-death repeatedly by Haera, revived and forced to eat' her own regenerating flesh' in order to regain her strength before further torture. Her sanity broken, Eris appeared to now be a slave to Haera, though not under the same magical control that Elowen experienced.

We see a brief glimpse of this torture, before Haera summons her [[Five Lieutenants]]. Jae (Elowen) is called up to the stage as Elowen, along with Suhail, Alice, Nathan (Nut from Masquerade), and a newbie player(?) - their characters have become the new lieutenants and courtiers of Tisis. Haera dispatches them to Adrestia, to bring about its end. 

As Haera gives her orders, Eris can be seen knelt in front of the lieutenants, drawing some sort of symbol on the floor with her own blood. From my angle, the symbol seemed to be a heart shape, but difficult to see.

The end monologue makes reference to five figures standing above a burning Adrestia, and the scene ends. 