---
tags:
  - SessionNotes
aliases:
  - Initiation
---
**Contents**
- [[#Meta Notes]]
- [[#People]]
	- [[#PCs]]
	- [[#NPCs]]
- [[#Stars Drawn]]
- [[#Summary]]
	- [[#Dream Sequence]]
	- [[#Session Start]]
	- [[#Astra]]
	- [[#The Harlequin]]
# Meta Notes

**WARNING:** Initiation is a repeatable quest, run once a month. It's unknown how much the events of the quest will change from month to month, but if you haven't done it yet, I would recommend avoiding this page if you don't want spoilers. 

If you DO want spoilers to try and meta-game the quest, be warned that the GMs will 100% curb stomp you. 
# People

**GM:** Rory

## PCs
[[Brick]] (She/Her) - Path of the Zealot Barbarian - Dwarf
[[Milo]] (He/They) - Battle Master Fighter - Halfling
[[Elias Mulch]] (He/Him) - Circle of the Moon Druid - Human
[[Beetle]] (They/Them) - Diviner Wizard - Hexblood
[[Orinoco]] (She/Her) - Circle of the Stars Druid - Aasimar
[[Loup Garou]] (He/Him) - Circle of the Moon Druid - Human
[[Cora]] (She/Her) - Grave Domain Cleric - Chthonic Tiefling 
## NPCs

Allies;
- [[Scarlet]]
- [[Astra]] (First appearance)
- [[Minor Wayfarer NPCs#Elaria|Elaria]] (First appearance, deceased)

Enemies;
- [[Haera's Forces#Malice (The Harlequin)|The Harlequin]] (First appearance)
# Stars Drawn

Star 1: Piranha - Blood in the Water
Star 2: Scarlet Ibis - Rejuvenation
Star 3: ??? (The Harlequin's Mask)

Interpretation: Danger ahead, focus on keeping people alive.
# Summary
## Dream Sequence

We each experience a similar nightmare, submerged in the coffin-like tanks that we encountered in the harvesting chamber during the events of [[0.2 Requiem|Requiem]]. We feel a 'maelstrom of blood' around us as we feel ourselves go pale, transforming, experiencing a deep hunger.
## Session Start

We each awake from our nightmares in the late morning. We are in a large tent within the [[Wayfarer’s Guild#The Wayfarer's Convoy|convoy]]. Distressed by their dreams, several of us have bad awakenings, including Elias trampling Beetle, and Brick punching Orinoco in the face. Scarlet arrives, dressed in the black and gold uniform of the guild. She repeatedly mocks us for having lost our memories while refusing to take responsibility for her role in that, while informing us that the [[Elaric Valent|Guild Master]] doesn't believe we're ready to return to active duty - though Scarlet herself disagrees. As such, we're to be tested by hunting [[Haera's Forces#bloodkin|bloodkin]].

We leave our tent and see the convoy for the first time - colossal metal wagons, each one pulled by multiple horses, with heavy armour plating, protective runes, and weapons. The front of the convoy features the most heavily defended wagons, and Scarlet refers to it as the vanguard. The wagons look modular, with the capacity to join together and have extra parts added. We are on the outskirts of [[Adrestia]] and can see the city in the distance, as well as valleys and forests closer by. Some of the trees in the forest have begun to [[Petrification Curse|petrify]], and there is a significant amount of ash all around. As we move through the convoy, some wayfarers seem happy to see us, while others avoid us, seeming scared or angry. 

Scarlet leads us to the armoury, a wagon near the back of the convoy. This wagon looks different to the rest of the convoy, more gothic in appearance, and featuring heavy large exhaust pipes from which smoke with an iridescent sheen pumps out. Once again mocking us for our memory loss, Scarlet tells us to go inside without her to collect our gear. The inside is dark and gloomy, with all the curtains drawn, and a thick aroma of incense in the air. The wagon is filled with leatherbound books and scrolls, a variety of gear for exploration and combat, and further inside a workshop can be seen. While the entire convoy is covered in protective and anti-scrying runes, the runes and other magical artefacts in the armoury is much more diverse and obscure, featuring a bizarre mismatch of butchered magicks, including [[05. Glossary of Minor Terms#Valentia & the Imara Sea|Valentian]] magic. It is as though the wagon has been stapled together from different cultures and languages. 
## Astra

Here we meet Astra, the Armourer and Custodian of this wagon. They are an androgynous humanoid of undetermined species and unplaceable accent. Their skin has a strange blue glow to it. Astra explains the [[Technology#Hunter's Bracer and Hunter's Tools|Hunter's Bracer]] to us. They are built with and powered by a combination of lyria and etheric canisters. In order to upgrade our tools, we need to [[04. Game Mechanics#Collecting Lyria|collect lyria and bring it back to the convoy]]. Astra makes a comment that Scarlet has been stealing and selling some of the convoy's lyria supply to 'fund her interests'. They also make reference to [[02. Mysteries|'The Forgotten']] during a psychic conversation with Loup. However, Loup fails a WIS save and immediately forgets that he ever heard the phrase. 

Talking with Astra further, they make reference to our mission to slay the Gods, plural. They then go on to talk about [[The Outer God of Blood]] and other Gods that may or may not exist, commenting that some definitely don't and some definitely do. They make reference to powers beyond that of Gods, referring to the base concepts of existence, such as time and space. The conversation is confusing and abstract. After this, Astra begins to equip us with the basic [[004. Hunter's Tools|Hunter's Tools]] - The Autobow, Crucible Shield, Grappleshot, and Stake Driver - before sending us back to Scarlet to begin our mission for the day.

Scarlet explains that we are going hunting for some bloodkin in some ruins located in a nearby mountainous region. We are given horses, though Beetle chooses to summon a Giant Fly familiar to ride on. Elias casts Speak with Animals to talk to his horse - which speaks with a southern US accent - and immediately manages to insult them. We arrive at a cliff face with pitons and climbing rope already set up by a group of scouts. Orinoco and Elias turn into Giant Lizard's (red and brown, respectively) and climb up, while Beetle flies and the rest of the party climbs. There is some movement in the cliff, causing minor damage to several party members, but we all reach the top safely.
## The Harlequin

A short distance away, we approach the cave-like ruins. They are described as labyrinthine, primitive, and geometric, lacking any significant indications of culture. As we approach, we hear a ragged cry for help from a person that is clearly in great pain and close to death. Some of us recognise the voice as a Wayfarer scout called Elaria. We emerge into a cavern or central chamber of the ruins, with two paths. The lefthand path leads to an upper level where we can see Malice, along with two wraith-like creatures and three undead wayfarers, standing around a large, unknown statue and some form of altar. The righthand path leads to a lower level that is swarming with bloodkin (roughly 5-8). There is also a large chasm to the right, with an indeterminable drop into a dark void below. We can hear Elaria above, but can't see her yet. 

The party springs into battle, with Beetle and Orinoco flying up towards Malice and Elaria, while Milo takes the lefthand route up. Brick leads Cora and the still wildshaped Elias towards the bloodkin, while Loup wildshapes into a demonic panther-like creature and joins them. Upon getting high enough, Orinoco is able to assess Elaria's situation - she has been placed on the altar, where she has been tortured extensively, with her limbs dismembered. She is still alive and conscious, but her eyes are beginning to show flickers of amber. Orinoco rules that healing magic would only delay the inevitable, and she is beyond saving.

Malice turns invisible, but Beetle casts See Invisibility to keep track of them, and engages them in battle, giving Dragon's Breath to the Giant Fly. Beetle and Malice go blow for blow, but Malice is significantly stronger, and Beetle goes down as Milo reaches the fight. Seeing no point in wasting her magic on Elaria, Orinoco directs it towards Beetle instead. Meanwhile, as the rest of the party engage the bloodkin, the wraithlike creatures emit a wailing noise that causes the bloodkin to go into a frenzy. Cora is able to dispatch one of the wraiths with a single powerful Guiding Bolt in the form of a shooting star. 

Regaining consciousness, Beetle is able to rip out one of their teeth and slip it into Malice's boot without them noticing, through which they'll be able to scry. Beetle and Milo fight further, and are able to take out some of the undead wayfarers and deal significant damage to Malice. Down below, Brick is able to dispatch multiple bloodkin in a single attack, while the wildshaped druids take the rest of them apart. The bloodkin inflict Haemorrhage stacks upon them, but they are able to tank through and wipe them out before the stacks are triggered.

Seeing the battle turn against them, Malice's frustration becomes apparent. They attempt to disengage and flee the fight, but Beetle slashes at their ankle with a dagger, spurring them to attack. They deliver another powerful attack, turning Beetle's fire against them and taking them out a second time, leaving them to be torn apart by the remaining undead wayfarers. Milo and Orinoco attempt to intercept, as Brick climbs up to the top level and informs the party that she can sense a hollow space behind the statue, where she believes Malice is trying to flee to. We pelt Malice with attacks and magic, damaging them significantly, but they are able to get past us and into the hollow. Pursuing them, we find an empty dead end space - Malice has teleported away. Elias attempts to cast Locate Object on the harlequin mask, but it is out of range (1000ft). 

We dispatch the last of the enemies, but not quickly enough to save Beetle, who is torn apart by the undead wayfarers. They see a red mist, and the outline of a feminine figure, their features obscured. They discuss making a deal, and the figure says that they can make Beetles teeth sharper, 'on the house'. Beetle takes the deal. In the cavern, Milo sees the remains of Beetles body melt away into a pool of blood, before suddenly reforming, whole again, with sharpened teeth. Restored, Beetle is able to scry through the tooth they planted on Malice, but cannot make contact, meaning that Malice is either protected from scrying or has gone more than ten miles away. 

The mission is a success, and we earn 10 sovereign and one unite of Lyria, found in the hollow where Malice disappeared. 
