---
tags:
  - SessionNotes
aliases:
  - Anathema
---
**Contents**
- [[#People]]
	- [[#PCs]]
	- [[#NPCs]]
- [[#Stars Drawn]]
- [[#Summary]]
	- [[#Session Start]]
	- [[#Arrival in Brigmore]]
	- [[#Finding Mina]]
	- [[#Mission Success]]
# People

**GM:** Jenn
## PCs
[[Zanya]] (She/Her) - College of Spirits Bard - Orc
[[Lugos]] (He/Him) - Oath of the Noble Genies Paladin - Aasimar
[[Squeak]] (He/Him) - Illusionist Wizard - Orc
[[Shade]] (He/Him) - Barbarian/Warlock - Cloud Giant Goliath
[[Ember]] (He/Him) - Warrior of Mercy Monk - Aasimar
[[Abyssian]] (He/Him) - Great Old One Patron Warlock - Black Dragonborn
[[Orinoco]] (She/Her) - Circle of the Stars Druid - Aasimar
## NPCs

Allies;
- [[Silas Reiner]] (First Appearance)
- [[Speakers|Lilah Willowbrook]] (First Appearance)
- [[Adrestia NPCs#Mina|Mina]] (First Appearance)

Neutral;
- [[Adrestia NPCs#Aline|Aline]] (First Appearance)
- [[Adrestia NPCs#Luke and his nameless sister|Luke and his nameless sister]] (First Appearance)
# Stars Drawn

Star 1: River Rapids - Those who move too quickly will fall first.
Star 2: ???
Star 3: ??? (Cherub)

Interpretation: Too many unknowns, approach with caution.
# Summary
## Session Start

It is mid-morning, and we are at the [[Wayfarer’s Guild#The Wayfarer's Convoy|Wayfarer's Convoy]]. Around us, we can hear the sounds of people training, knives and forks scraping against plates, wayfarers going about their daily lives, but beneath all the casual noise, we can hear the sounds of our allies crying out as they slowly succumb to the [[Curseblood Plague]]. Silas Reiner, a Lieutenant of the guild, approaches us. He is a tall human (assumed) man, with black hair, brown skin and eyes, dressed relatively formally with a white shirt beneath his leather armour. He informs us that we have a visitor and a mission.

Lilah Willowbrook, Speaker for an unknown faction of Adrestia approaches - she is a halfling woman with blue eyes, wearing a formal blue dress. She is seeking assistance regarding the [[Petrification Curse]], which is running rampant through Adrestia. She tells us that a significant number of people within [[Adrestia#Brigmore Commons|Brigmore Commons]] have been impacted, and that there have been reports of people claiming to be cured by an unknown alchemist. The alchemist described as feminine, slim, with blonde hair, and eyes that change from brown to red. Orinoco points out that Lilah has just provided a fairly accurate description of [[Haera Agelamorn]]. Lilah dismisses this possibility, but says the alchemist is assumed to be a vampire, and a former member of the [[Tisis|Court of Tisis]]. Given that this unknown vampire appears to be trying to help, Lilah requests that we identify and find them in order to enlist their aid, but not to kill them.

Ember suggests that we could take food and medical supplies with us to enable smoother information gathering. Lilah says she has already given all that she can, which Ember insights as being truthful, but that Lilah feels deep shame about it. We gather supplies from the wayfarers convoy, consisting mainly of food, and Lilah directs us to the *Sun Above Water* tavern, which has been converted into a care centre in the wake of the curse. Silas announces that he will accompany us, Lilah tells us to 'remember our vow' - the Worldwound must be closed, and Haera must die - and we head towards Brigmore Commons.
## Arrival in Brigmore

There is a light rain as we arrive. Prior to the opening of the Worldwound, Brigmore Commons was a working class district, filled with tradespeople and their businesses, as well as the public-facing headquarters of The Occultist's Guild. As we arrive, we start to realise the full devastation of the petrification curse. Sick, dying, and dead people fill the streets, many of them completely turned to stone. Despite this, Brigmore Commons is still a relatively safe part of Adrestia, with [[Technology#Automata|Typhon Automata]] patrol the streets in the more populated areas.

We locate the *Sun Above Water* and head inside, where we meet a human woman named Aline. The tavern was clearly once a very idyllic place, with hard wood floors, great beams above, and a large and sturdy bar. Now it is filled with beds and makeshift cots, all filled with the dead and dying. Aline was once the proprietress of the tavern, and now leads in the care duties for the sick. Aline is an older woman, late 50s to early 60s, with grey hair and kind, tired eyes. Ember - only 2ft. tall - struggles to put the food we've bought, and Aline notices our wristbands, marking us as wayfarers. We talk with Aline and she tells us about how she's been helping the sick, but that supplies are running very low.

Orinoco does a sweep of the patients here, examining them all for any signs of magical activity. She has a hunch that the petrification curse is targeting the magically inclined, and the presence of the Occultist's Guild is what caused Brigmore Commons to be the most heavily impacted area. However, her observations reveal no significant trend. She comes across two young patients, a girl and a boy. The girl is about 7, and the boy is younger. Time slows as she examines them, till she becomes vividly aware of the calcification process, seeing and hearing flesh turn to stone. Distraught by her inability to do anything to help, Orinoco flees the tavern in distress.

Shade and Abyssian also perform their own examinations, while Zanya consults her tarot cards. She draws the Nine of Swords - The Lord of Cruelty, and a symbol of fear, depression, and nightmares. Shade focuses on whether or not it is safe to touch the afflicted, and rules that it must be, given that Aline and her volunteers are all doing it regularly without becoming petrified themselves. Abyssian uses his telepathy to scan the minds of the afflicted, identifying which are still alive and which have fully calcified. He connects with the mind of the girl that distressed Orinoco, and discovers that she is repeatedly thinking two names, 'Mina' and 'Luke'. Concluding that Luke must be the boy next to her, Abyssian attempts to read his mind, and discovers that he has died. He begins to move the body.

Distressed by this, Shade - an 8ft Cloud Goliath with skin the colour of a cloud before a thunderstorm - cloud-steps next to Abyssian with a crash of thunder, demanding to know what he is doing with the child. Abyssian - a vantablack-scaled dragonborn with a sinister aura - explains that the child is dead, and that he is clearing the beds so that more patients can be brought in. There is a sense of conflict between them as the rest of the party looks on. Shade attempts to take Luke's pulse, but he is simply touching stone. Aline is visibly saddened by Luke's death, but agrees with Abyssian that they should clear the beds and bring more patients in. Shade and Abyssian work together to remove Luke and three other deceased patients.  

While Shade and Abyssian work, the rest of the group go with Aline to a more private area, where Squeak uses Minor Illusion to conjure up an image of the woman that Lilah described. At first, Aline says she doesn't recognise the figure, clearly holding something back, but when Squeak turns the eyes red, Aline relents. Aline explains that this is an image of a woman named Mina, a vampire that began appearing a few months ago and has been helping the sick in Brigmore Commons, and occasionally comes by the tavern to assist. Aline tells the party that we can find Mina in the lower district, a less populated part of town, where a wax candle shop has also been converted into a care centre. 

Aline insides that Mina is not an evil person and that we can trust her. When the party asks how it is that Mina is able to cure the curse, Aline tells us that she doesn't, but that she has supplies that can help delay it, and heal other wounds. Among Mina's supplies is a substantial amount of ether, which apparently has medicinal qualities. Zanya speculates that Mina may be killing wayfarers to steal their hunters tools, which are powered by the same ether. Departing, Squeak declares that the Wayfarers are allies to the people of Adrestia, and that we'll do what we can to help them.

Outside, Orinoco is consulting her water pitcher that contains the markings of her starry map, frustrated that she cannot divine anything from it. It has reached dusk, and the time that the stars would normally appear, but the presence of the Worldwound prevents them from being seen. Staring up at it, Orinoco sees motes of the red and purple energy that almost form the shapes of constellations, and she feels as though it is mocking her. She sees where Shade and Abyssian have begun to pile the deceased and heads over, offering final rites. “For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.”
## Finding Mina

The party regathers and heads towards the candleshop. This part of the district is less populated, and less of the automata are patrolling here. As we approach the candleshop, Lugos wishes that he could detect the presence of the undead, and finds that he is suddenly able to. One undead creature can be spotted on the far side of the building. As we get closer, we all notice significant amounts of blood all over the place, both old and new, with much of it appearing as drag marks. Shade powers up, his body becoming emersed in storm clouds as he activates Mage Armour. Orinoco casts Pass Without Trace, to disguise her presence at the back, along with Zanya and Abyssian. 

Seeing us power up, Silas reminds us that this is a medical centre, and that the blood isn't necessarily suspicious, though the drag marks are concerning. Lugos asks Zanya to consult her cards, and she draws The Hermit (chosen by Jenn), a symbol of guidance, solitude, and stillness. Interpreting this positively, the party moves forwards. Abyssian casts Silent Image on the doorway, creating an illusion of the street, but with us removed, so anyone looking out would not see us. Using his scimitar, Lugos then opens the door. 

The scene inside is very similar to the *Sun Above Water*, though on a smaller scale. Ten victims of the petrification curse are laid in various places around the shop floor, most of them in extreme states of calcification, though all of them still alive according to Abyssian's telepathy. Ember examines the blood trails that are all around the room, and concludes that they are the result of a single person dragging the sick here, causing them some injuries as they were moved. Where the wounds have not calcified, they have since festered. Ember is distressed by the morbid sight, and recalls his singular memory - being surrounded by a great amount of fire.

Bloody footprints lead up the stairs at the back of the candleshop, leading up to a door and assumedly an office. Zanya takes charge and heads up the stairs, along with Shade and Ember, while the rest of us examine the room below. Squeak finds research notes and ingredients, which relate to spillages of ether. The notes explain that ether is a potent alchemical solution that can be used for both healing and temporary suppression of vampirism, the [[Curseblood Plague]], and the petrification curse. The [[Technology#Dark Serum|Dark Serum]] is assumedly an etheric solution that the guild has been providing us. Squeak also discovers a healing potion. 

Zanya knocks on the door upstairs, and hears a muffled noise from within. The door is ajar, and she pushes it open, declaring that we're here to help. Inside, she sees a form matching the description of Mina - a beautiful woman with blonde hair and red eyes. She is leaning over a table on which a heavily calcified man lays, drinking blood from him. She looks up at Zanya, and her eyes are bestial for a moment, but quickly soften, as she declared that "it is not what it looks like."

Before the party can act, a pool of blood forms at Mina's feet. From it, a blade burst forth and stabs Mina through the stomach, as an unknown voice calls out "In her name!" Mina is hooked by this blade, which is attached to a metal arm, and as the party rush in, she is yanked downwards. Shade rushes forward and grabs Mina by the ankles, but the yank is so forceful that it pulls him down too. Zanya grabs his ankles, and Ember grabs hers, but all three of them are yanked down into the pool, before it seals itself again. 
## Sword Bastards

Lugos, who had been on his way up the stairs, witnesses all this, and informs the rest of the party that "they've all been sucked off!" Alarmed by this, Silas summons the rest of the party into the office where Mina and the rest disappeared. Still able to see the presence of the undead, Lugos sees that there are now three undead present beneath the building. Seeing no immediate way down, Orinoco wildshapes into her Giant Lizard form, and begins smashing through the floorboards, digging her way down. She does not notice a metallic object pass her, but the others see a padlock go flying, and realise that Orinoco is smashing through a concealed trap door. Orinoco plummets a short distance and lands in a basement. 

Abyssian pushes Silas into the hole in order to see how he sticks the landing, then attempts to duplicate his efforts. Rolling a Nat 20, Abyssian lands perfectly on top of Lizard-Orinoco. While Lugos makes his way down, Squeak casts Dancing Lights, revealing a significant number of dead, calcified bodies, and other chambers connected to this basement. They become Team Hole.

Meanwhile, in another basement chamber, Mina and Team Suck (Shade, Zanya, and Ember) are dropped prone. They have been abducted by two mechanical creatures called [[Haera's Forces#Sword Bastards|Sword Bastards]] (my name for them). They are reminiscent of, but different to the Typhon Automata. These machines have some amount of organic component, and blood can be seen moving through rubber tubes that stick out of their bodies. they have long, thin bodies, and hooked blades instead of arms. One of them has Mina impaled. 

Springing into combat, Ember triggers his celestial revelation, but is unable to frighten the creatures. Undeterred, he strikes the sword arm on which Mina is impaled with his stakedriver, doing enough damage to break the machinery. It goes limp and Mina slides off onto the floor. Shade rages, roaring with a sound like strong winds bursting through a canyon, loud enough for Team Hole to hear and head in that direction. He attacks the same target with his obsidian axe, using True Strike and dealing near-lethal damage. With Abyssian still on her back, Lizard-Orinoco dashes, smashing through doors and bursting into the room. Seeing Mina severely wounded, she drops her wildshape and adopts her Starry Form, Scarlet Ibis constellation, so that she can begin healing. This results in Abyssian being dropped on the bed next to her, with a calcified corpse.

Following Orinoco's lead, Silas charges forwards. Lugos asks Silas to carry him, but Silas just drags him instead. Lugos sees the fight happening through the door, but with the Sword Bastards out of range, he wishes he had something he could throw. He tries to pick up a lit candle but knocks it over, accidentally engulfing his hand in flames, which he shakes off. As he tends to his hand, the firebolt flings straight at the heavily damaged robot, destroying it. This causes the Sword Bastard to explode, damaging everyone around it, including Mina, who is still on the floor underneath it.

Targeting the remaining Sword Bastard, Zanya flings a tarot card and casts Shatter. It hits the machine, but also Silas, Orinoco, and Abyssian. As apology, she issues Abyssian her Tale of the Avenger. Mina steadies herself and produces multiple bottles from no where, drinking a healing potion and lobbing alchemists fire at the robot, damaging it severely. Abyssian then springs up and strikes with his stakedriver, funnelling his magic into the weapon, crushing through it and causing it to detonate, dealing further damage to himself, Silas, and Orinoco. 

With the battle over, Abyssian takes stock for the first time, and wonders if he should begin clearing out the beds in here, like he did at *Sun Above Water*. He gets a sudden mental image of the endless cycle of emptying the beds of the deceased, till eventually it would come his turn to lay in a bed and die. He counters this by thinking of the Worldwound, from which he believes he draws his power. In his mind, he hears a distant laughter, and laughs along with it. Meanwhile, Ember and Orinoco begin to heal Mina.

Upstairs, Squeak hears multiple loud explosions from the basement, then a sudden silence. Not knowing whether his allies were successful or dead, he casts Silent Image on the lizard-shaped hole, covering it up so that anything looking up would not know it was there. Returning to the shop floor, he reads Mina's research in more depth, and concludes that she is seeking to cure the petrification curse, but has had no success. The rumours that she had cured people were false. A while later, the party finally emerge, having been confused by the spell cast on the hole. 
## Mission Success

We spend some time talking with Mina and she explains who she is; a former member of the Tisis court, but one who left a long time ago, before the opening of the Worldwound. She is seeking to help people as much as she can. She despises Haera, saying that she is "a sick freak, but that I am not innocent", and confesses that she is a vampire, and has to drink fresh blood to survive. The man Zanya caught her eating was a patient, and had consented, since she was unable to cure him, though we had no way of verifying this. She explains her etheric research, saying that it is a rare and powerful element that may be the key to fixing the petrification and curseblood plague. 

Zanya and Ember attempt to persuade Mina to join the Wayfarers and continue her research, while providing us what information she can, but Mina refuses, and that she hasn't seen Haera in many decades - her information would be severely outdated. She does reveal one very important piece of information though - killing Haera will kill all vampires that are thralled to her or created by her. This includes Mina, who welcomes her fate. Lugos points out that Mina isn't safe here - if the Sword Bastards found her, more of Haera's forces will be looking for her. She agrees, and declares that she will find somewhere new to hide, either within Adrestia or abroad, so that she can continue her work. While the conversation is ongoing, Shade draws a picture of Mina, and inscribes on the back, "You are strong", before giving it to her. A single tear runs down Mina's cheek, and she declares that she will do what little she can to help the Wayfarers, offering them her supply of ether, before we depart.

(Above table, Jenn informs us that convincing Mina to join us is not an option, but that she may reappear further down the line)

Returning to the Wayfarer's Convoy and Lilah, we inform them of our mission. Though disappointed that the mission didn't yield any progress on the cure for the curses, Lilah understands the decisions we made and why Mina couldn't have come with us. She is sad, but grateful. The mission is considered a success, and we are rewarded.

Reward:
- 25 Sov
- 2 Ether 