Tags: #OM

**THE FLAME FADES**

The sky blisters, revealing a jagged wound above the vampiric continent of [[Tisis NS]].

It drains the world below of light, trapping what remains of humanity in an inevitable march towards extinction. Year by year [[Worldwound NS|the breach]] expands, turning the survivors below to stone; their agony preserved for all eternity, as the flame of creation itself is extinguished. 

Besieged by the warring draconic vessels of the [[05. Glossary of Minor Terms NS|Valentian Crusade]], and the vampiric courts of Tisis, the [[Adrestia NS|City of Adrestia]] has sent its final few champions to seal this breach. A desperate expedition to slay the godlike vampire queen - [[Haera Agelamorn NS]], before all of creation is plunged into an endless night.  
 
As the leaders of the [[Wayfarer’s Guild NS]], you will be tasked with uniting the scattered remnants of the Isles, forging fragile alliances and confronting the [[Curseblood Plague NS|curseblood plague]] that threatens to consume you from the inside.

**RISE ABOVE DEATH**

Aeturnum II is a visceral new psychological and action-horror campaign set within the ruined world of [[05. Glossary of Minor Terms NS|Theora]]. Tasking you with leading the Wayfarers Guild as you embark upon a perilous expedition to the vampiric capital of [[Tisis NS]]. 

It will be up to you to decide which allies can be trusted to join your cause, and who will be sacrificed to stave off the curseblood plague. 

Aeturnum II will introduce a number of new mechanics and overhauls, as you forge a path beyond death itself.

**THE WAYFARER’S CONVOY:** Aeturnum II's biggest mechanical update is the Wayfarer's Convoy, a mobile base for you and your allies to oversee and develop.

The convoy is an evolution of our Boon system; across your journey you will gather allies, and salvage resources that can be used to upgrade these colossal armoured wagons and their facilities. Granting you access to unique abilities, weapons, skills and questlines.

Players will all contribute towards these upgrades, choosing carefully which features to prioritise and develop as you build a home amongst the ruins of the frontier. 

As night falls, your choices will be tested as you are forced to repel the undead horde. Without the proper defences, precious companions may be infected and turned, as they succumb to the vampiric curse. 

**FORGE YOUR PATH:** Aeturnum II will place a greater focus on player choice and consequence, as your expedition decides the fate of humanity. Your journey will require you to make unspeakable sacrifices, as you choose what you are willing to lose to fulfil your mission. Will you inspire hope in your fellow survivors? Or will desperation drive you down a darker path entirely. 

Aeturnum II will feature an expanded world to explore, that will be shaped by your actions. You will need to earn the trust of your companions, as they each pursue their own hidden ambitions. Not everyone can be saved as night falls, and you must risk your most trusted allies being enthralled and turned against you.

**ACCURSED BLOOD:** Your blood festers with ancient whispers, as the Queen of Tisis seeks to claim you as her own. You have been infected with her Curseblood plague, and must fight to retain your humanity as her hold deepens. 

The Curseblood system is an overhaul of the Afflictions and Cursemark framework, representing your descent into becoming an inhuman thrall. Any Wayfarer that falls will be turned against you, as they join the vampiric horde.

**A NEW BEGINNING**

Aeturnum II is a new, standalone story that requires no prior experience with Campaign One. It is intended to be an accessible jumping on point for those looking to join this world for the first time. 

Nocturne will begin with a new Prologue scenario: [[0.2 Requiem NS]]. As with Campaign One, playing this Prologue will be mandatory for all players before joining, as it introduces you and your character to this world - beginning their descent into undeath. 

Aeturnum II will not allow characters to be carried forward from Campaign One, as it is an original story set further forward in Theora’s ruined timeline. 

Accompanying this campaign will be a revised set of character creation guidelines, incorporating elements from the latest 5E2024 releases.

**WHAT COMES NEXT?**

We’ll be releasing an extended preview of Aeturnum II’s world, narrative and systems over the coming month as the Witness Arc draws to an end. This will be accompanied with developer commentary that will dive deeper into these new updates. 

Aeturnum II will launch on June 5th. Tickets for the new Prologue and Quests will be released in May, with release dates to be confirmed shortly. 

After Campaign One concludes on March 1st, we will be running two months of special quests and events in the lead-up to this release (and taking a much needed break from the horrors…). More information about these events will be released soon, so watch this space for further updates 🩸
