Tags: #OM

NOCTURNE: GENESIS - FULL DAY CAMPAIGN II PRELUDE EVENT - TICKETS ON SALE MONDAY 11th (6:30PM) 

Having driven out the Cult of the Formless Mind, the people of [[Adrestia NS|Adrestia]] celebrated their hard-won freedom. Unaware that [[The Nine NS|The Nine]] had fallen silent for the first time in centuries. In the cloistered halls of Highgarden Court, the Speakers gathered to hear their final decree - but were left only with a grim promise of the ruin that awaits. 

'The [[Herald NS|Herald]] is coming. [[02. Mysteries NS|Fear the night]].’

Even they were not prepared when the heavens were carved open. The [[Worldwound NS|Worldwound]] emerged from the sky above, a screaming fissure in reality that soon drowned the Isles in cursed light. Life itself began to slow, the changes barely perceptible until it was much too late. The first victims of the [[Petrification Curse NS|Petrification Curse]] died in agony, as they were quarantined and trapped in a prison of their own crumbling flesh. The city's Occultists soon determined that this curse, and the Worldwound itself, were the results of vampiric ritual magic. Born from the courts of [[Tisis NS|Tisis]], and their immortal Queen - [[Haera Agelamorn NS|Haera Agelamorn]]. Only she could possess the power needed to break the natural order of the world. And only she could be deranged enough to accept the consequences.

Without intervention, all life would soon be extinguished to fuel Haera's designs. The Guilds of Adrestia united, arming themselves with the most powerful relics and weapons of war gathered from the ashes of the Old World. Their greatest champions would lead the expedition into Tisis, and mount an all-out attack on [[Tisis NS|Aernoc Palace]]. 

What awaited them was the newly ascended, blood-drunk Queen of Tisis at the very height of her power. Bathed in the pulsating glow of the Worldwound and swolen with the crimson blessings of her [[The Outer God of Blood NS|The Outer God of Blood]]. Only by reducing her to ash, could this slow but inevitable extinction be averted.

You stood amongst the champions that rose to challenge her. Unaware that you would never return.