Tags: #Other

- Questions to ask a GM/other players
- General/Uncategorized
- Adrestia
- Curse/Plague
- Haera Agelamorn, Fell God, Worldwound
- The Nine
- The Wayfarer's Guild
- Answered Questions
- Random Notes
### Questions to ask a GM/Other players:
- Does anyone remember the Riftborn? - Gilli would not answer.
- Who are the four presently unknown [[Five Lieutenants|lieutenants]]?
- How big is the Worldwound? Can we see it from Adrestia, which is on the opposite side of the map to Aernoc, which is assumedly the epicentre?
### General/Uncategorized Questions;

- What is the [[05. Glossary of Minor Terms|Valentian Crusade]]?
- Who or what is the [[Herald]]? 
- Is [[Eris Pentaghast]] alive or undead?
- Is the entity that we see when we die actually Haera?
	- The description of it is very similar to her, but her facial features are obscured, and the voice possibly isn't the same.
- How does the [[Technology|Teleportation Gate]] system work? Does one need to connect to another or can it go anywhere? How many are there? Can we gain control over them?

### Adrestia;

- Are any of the Eidolon operatives still alive? (Ashe, Kastia, Magnus, Helena, Cecil, Sinclair)
- Are any other Aeturnum 1 major players still alive? (Agnes, Ember, Jacquetta Iverson, Lysithea)
- Does the concept of a 'Keeper of Adrestia' still exist? Do they still have power without the Astral Corridor?
	- The Astral Corridor still exists in some capacity, since Aernoc Castle is partially suspended in it.
### Curse/Plague;

- What is the [[Curseblood Plague]]? Can it be cured?
	- Elaric seems to believe it can, but only by killing Haera.
- Can the connection between Haera and the Wayfarers be severed or blocked?
- What is the [[Petrification Curse]]? Can it be reversed?
- Are the Curseblood Plague and the Petrification Curse the same thing?
	- Based on the events of Requiem, they seem to be separate, with the plague coming from Haera and the curse coming from the Worldwound.
- Is [[Haera Agelamorn]] in control of either curse?
	- Vampires are impacted by the petrification curse, including the former courtiers of Tisis
### Haera Agelamorn, Fell God, Worldwound;

- What is the connection between them? Is Haera in control of the Worldwound?
	- The Worldwound opened while Haera was performing some sort of powerful magic. Her intent is unknown, as is whether creating the Worldwound was actually her intent.
- Assuming Haera was not intending to open the Worldwound, what was she trying to do.
- What are Haera's weaknesses? Can she be killed?
### The Nine

- What does it mean for [[2. Personal Aeturnum Folders/Aeturnum (Vanessa)/Factions/The Nine]] to have fallen silent? 
- Who are the seven remaining members of The Nine? Are they still alive?
- Did the Worldwound give Haera the power to kill the other other members?
- Did the death of Elias Jassen tip the scales in favour of Haera? 
### The Wayfarer's Guild;

- Where was [[Elaric Valent]] during the events of Genesis?
- How did [[Elaric Valent]], [[Scarlet]], and [[Henrietta]] survive the explosion that seemingly kills the entire party in [[0.2 Requiem|Requiem]]?
	- Most likely sheer strength and plot armour
- Are NPC Wayfarers like Elaric and Scarlet also experiencing the Curseblood Plague?
- What is [[Henrietta]]? Is it a mindless robot? Do we have access to more? Why aren't we sending hoards of them against the undead?

[[Theolyn Esmond]];
- Where is the baby that Theolyn was holding in the photo during Requiem?
- Was there significance to the angel-shape that Theolyn had been mutilated into?

### Answered Questions;

Q: Why are we the 'final few champions' of [[2. Personal Aeturnum Folders/Aeturnum (Vanessa)/Bloodtide/Adrestia|Adrestia]]? What happened to the rest?
A: We were the total sum of Adrestia's most powerful forces amassed in the 10 years following the death of Elias Jassen.

Q: IS ELARIC HERE?!
A: Yes, he is the Guild Master of the Wayfarer's Guild.

# Random Notes
 
There are 58 subclass options and 30 species options in Aeturnum, making for a total of 1740 combinations.