Tags: #Other 

Contents:
- Astral Corridor
- Bloodtide
- Cult of the Formless Mind
- Eidolon
- The Keeper of Adrestia
- Masquerade
	- Narrative Events
- NPCs
	- Ashe
	- Cecil
	- Elaric Valent
	- Helena
	- The Hierophant
	- Kastia Talshen
	- Magnus
	- Tia
- The Promise
- Riftborn
- Severance
- The Witness
# The Astral Corridor

An extra-dimensional space where the laws of physics don't apply, that exists between realities. Access to the corridor was controlled by the Keeper of Adrestia, who drew their power from it. The Hierophant, and the witches of [[05. Glossary of Minor Terms|Lumeria]] also drew their power from it.

After the events of Aeturnum 1, access to the Astral Corridor has seemingly been sealed off. 

As of Requiem, there is still at least some presence of the Astral Corridor, as [[Tisis|Aernoc Castle]] appears to be partially suspended in it. 
# Bloodtide

The first narrative arc of Aeturnum 1, in which the players were trying to end a plague that turned people into zombie-like bloodkin.
# Cult of the Formless Mind

An antagonist organisation during the events of Masquerade, that was run by The Hierophant.
# Eidolon

An off-the-books black ops organisation, staffed primarily by Riftborn and charged with investigating and stopping the Cult of the Formless Mind, and the Hierophant.

All PCs were members of Eidolon during the events of Masquerade.
# The Keeper of Adrestia

A position held by at least ten people over the hundreds/thousands of years that Adrestia has stood. A power magic wielder, the Keeper is inherently linked to the Astral Corridor, and can wield paracausal abilities as a result. 

As of the end of Aeturnum 1, and the closing of the Astral Corridor, this position most likely no longer exists. 

Known holders of the title;
- 1 to 6: Unknown
- Seventh Keeper: Elizabeth Hall
- Eighth Keeper unknown
- Ninth Keeper: Lucille Duras
- Tenth Keeper: Rosaria
# Masquerade

The second narrative arc of Aeturnum 1, in which the players joined the black-ops team Eidolon, to investigate The Cult of the Formless Mind. The cult had infiltrated Adrestian society and were responsible for many deaths, including everything connected to the falling of the black cathedral onto Adrestia. Eventually the Hierophant was discovered as the leader of the cult, and the mission was focused on bringing her down.

The Hierophant sought the power of the Witness, which was wielded by Elias Jassen of [[The Nine]]. Elias was secretly behind the formation of Eidolon, who turned on him in order to release The Witness.
## Narrative Events
- **Second Dream** - The newly formed Eidolon travelled to a far away town to investigate.
- **Lonely Hearts** - Narrative concerning a celebrity named Aurora, and her connection to The Cult of the Formless Mind
- **Lights Out** - An investigation of Pendleton Manor, resulting in the repeated deaths and resurrections of a powerful Eidolon operative named Helena, resulting in her becoming functionally brain dead.
- **Nightfall** - An operation to save a town that was falling into the Astral Corridor. Resulted in the death of many Riftborn, allies of Eidolon, and Tia - Elaric's ward and possible lover.
- **The Witch Queen** - An operation to travel to [[05. Glossary of Minor Terms|Lumeria]], to bring Helena to her cult and have her revived. We encountered vampires here. 
- **Ever After** - The political wedding of Elaric Valent and Keeper Rosaria, resulting in the discovery that Rosaria was a creature created by The Hierophant known as the Shrike, and the removal of Heloise from Elaric's mind. 
# NPCs
## Ashe

**Species:** Unknown, seemingly human, vampiric 
**Status:** Deceased
GM avatar for Luna

The leader of Eidolon and a [[Vampirism|vampiric]] creature of origins unknown. She was a major ally of the Riftborn and a powerful combatant. 

She was killed by Kastia Talshen, who had been brainwashed by the Hierophant.
## Cecil

**Species:** Human
**Status:** Unknown
GM avatar for Phil

A leading operative of Eidolon and tech-savvy former mechanist and explosives expert. He was, at one point, imprisoned in The Blank Room, before being rescued by Eidolon. 

Conflicting Table Info: some tables saw Cecil be killed in one of the later narrative events (possibly So Below), but this hasn't been confirmed. He may have survived the events of Masquerade.

## Elaric Valent

**Species:** Vampiric human
**Status:** Alive

See [[Elaric Valent]].
## Helena

**Species:** Tiefling
**Status:** Alive as of the end of Masquerade
GM avatar for Jenn

Ashe's former therapist, a witch from [[05. Glossary of Minor Terms|Lumeria]], and a leading operative of Eidolon, specialising in magic and the manipulation of the Astral Corridor. During the events of Lights Out, the Riftborn were forced to vote for one of their handlers, resulting in Helena being repeatedly murdered by The Hierophant, then brought back to life, so many times that it left her functionally braindead. During the events of The Witch Queen, the Riftborn took Helena back to Lumeria and her mother, where she was revived. 

She survived the events of Masquerade. 
## The Hierophant

**Species:** Unconfirmed, seemingly human
**Status:** Assumed deceased

The main antagonist of the Masquerade arc, and sister of Ember. She sought revenge against Elias Jassen for what he and the Nine had done to Ember. She also wanted to seize the power of The Witness/Jacquetta Iverson for herself, in order to erase and rebuild reality in her own image. 

She was (assumedly) killed by the end of Aeturnum 1.
## Kastia Talshen

**Species:** Tiefling
**Status:** Alive as of the end of Masquerade
GM avatar for Gilli

A leading operative of Eidolon and master of stealth. She was a major ally of the Riftborn, and sister to [[Other NPCs|Ves Talshen]]. 

She survived the events of Masquerade, which ended with Kastia's marriage to Lysithea, then-Guild Leader of the Justicars. 

## Magnus

**Species:** Human (assumed)
**Status:** Alive as of the end of Masquerade
GM avatar for Maxim

A leading operative of Eidolon, specialising in the social graces and political mechanisms of Adrestia. He survived the events of Masquerade. 
## Tia

**Species:** Tiefling
**Status:** Deceased(?)

The ward of [[Elaric Valent]] and a member of the [[Adrestia|Mechanist's Guild]]. She had some manner of deeply emotional attachment to Elaric, but was erased from existence and Elaric's memory when she was killed during the events of the Nightfall narrative event.

At the end of Masquerade, many who had been erased from time seemed to return, though it is unknown if Tia is among their number. 
# The Promise

An alternate plane of reality that contains great power. [[The Nine|Elias Jassen]] and The Hierophant both sought its power. 
# Riftborn

Powerful and (usually) heroic entities that had been torn from their worlds at the point of their deaths, and brought through the Astral Corridor to Adrestia by The Witness/Jacquetta Iverson. All Aeturnum 1 PCs were Riftborn. With the end of Aeturnum 1, all Riftborn vanished from the world, returned to their own realities. 

Above table note: It is currently unclear whether the existence of the Riftborn is remembered by anyone other than [[Elaric Valent]]. 
# Severance

A three-part arc that explored [[Tisis]] and [[Haera Agelamorn]]. 
# The Witness

A God-like entity with dominion over death, responsible for bringing the Riftborn to this world. It was created by a fragment of Jacquetta Iverson's power, which [[The Nine|Elias Jassen]] manipulated for his own benefit. It had some connection to the Astral corridor, and to the [[Vampirism|vampires on Lumeria]]. 

Two common symbols were associated with The Witness; a figure in a pale shroud, and a sarcophagus/iron maiden. 

It was (assumedly) destroyed at the end of Aeturnum 1. 