Tags: #Other 

- Afflictions
- Bleed & Haemorrhage
	- Genesis Rules
- Collecting Lyria
- Hunter's Tools

# Afflictions

When a PC dies, they see [[Haera Agelamorn]] (or an entity that seems to resemble her), and are brought back to life with an affliction, on a D10 table.


| Roll | Name                | Condition                                          |
| ---- | ------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| 1    |                     |                                                    |
| 2    |                     |                                                    |
| 3    |                     |                                                    |
| 4    |                     |                                                    |
| 5    |                     |                                                    |
| 6    |                     |                                                    |
| 7    |                     |                                                    |
| 8    |                     |                                                    |
| 9    |                     |                                                    |
| 10   | Endless Bleeding(?) | Slashing and Piercing damage does an additional D4 |


# Bleed & Haemorrhage (Campaign Rules)

Text from official source, as of 19/06/26;

Haemorrhage is a condition unique to campaign 2, typically inflicted by vampiric enemies and those carrying the Outer God of Blood's Curse.

Certain attacks and abilities will cause players to accumulate stacks of Haemorrhage. Once the number of Stacks reach their Haemorrhage Limit (Hit Dice + CON Modifier), the Hemorrhage effect will automatically trigger, as their wounds laced with curseblood split open.

The damage inflicted will be equivalent to the number of stacks of Haemorrhage accumulated when the effect is triggered. For each stack of Haemorrhage, they will take 1D6 Bleed Damage. Unless specified otherwise, this damage will not include stacks that exceed their total Haemorrhage Limit.

Once per round, a stack of Haemorrhage is automatically removed at the end of a player's turn. If a player receives healing from a single source equivalent to their Haemorrhage limit, they may roll their hit dice and remove that number of stacks.

The Haemorrhage condition is considered to be a curse. All accumulated stacks can be removed by any spell or action that would remove the curse condition. 
## Genesis Rules

~~Note: This ability may be exclusive to Rory tables.~~

A status condition that can be inflicted by members of [[Haera's Forces]].

Each attack can add one or more stacks of 'Bleed'. These stacks can go up to a maximum number of the highest value on the target's hit die. E.g., a Fighter has a D10 hit die, so can have up to 10 stacks.

A separate ability called 'Haemorrhage' can then be triggered. When triggered, the target performs a Con Save, in which the DC is 12 + total stacks of bleed. 

On a failed save, the target takes damage. Damage die is the targets hit die, and the total stacks of bleed are the amount of die rolled. E.g., a Fighter with 6 stacks would take 6D10 damage. Half damage on a successful save, damage type is necrotic.

After Haemorrhage is triggered, bleed stacks are reset to zero, regardless of outcome. 

## Collecting Lyria

In order to upgrade the Convoy and our Hunter's Tools, we need to collect lyria, which will appear as an optional extra in some missions. This will be tracked on 'The Wayfarer's Convoy' portal of The Arcanist's Tavern website. 
# Hunter's Tools

Devices used by the Wayfarer's Guild. Each Wayfarer can have one Hunter's Tool equipped at a time, but can carry other tools and swap the tool out as a free object interaction. See [[004. Hunter's Tools]].

