Tags: #Other 

Contents:
- Books
- Geographic Locations
	- Theora
		- The Red Isles
			- Cardan
			- Esos
			- Isle of Rebirth
			- Lumeria
			- Lyra
			- Morwyn
			- The Span
			- Tisis
			- Vestran
		- Outside the Red Isles
			- Erisia
			- Valentia & the Imara Sea
- Other Locations
	- The Atropos Refinery
- Religions
- The Valentian Crusade

# Books

## The Art of Killing
By Rain Fallwind Veilthorn

A book written by a [[03. Elements from Aeturnum 1|Riftborn]], and currently in the possession of [[Lilah]]. It recounts everything Rain learnt about combat, Adrestia, and The Church of Velissara during his time there.

(Possibly non-canon - Rain would have been returned to his home dimension at the end of Masquerade)
# Geographic Locations
## Theora

The world.
### The Red Isles

The sea of islands in which the story takes place.

(RJ) = Map points visible on the Riftborn Journal map
- *Words in Italic* indicate names where I'm unsure of the word/spelling, due to the size/blurriness of the text.

#### Cardan

An island located to the west of the Red Isles, to the side of both Tisis and Eros, some distance westwards from Morwyn.

Map Points (RJ):
- **Burial Plains** - Assumedly a mass grave to the northeast of Redmoor Citadel. Map point resembles three columns holding up a roof - assumedly a temple.
- **The Cove of Cardan** (unofficial name) - A vast cove, large enough that Lyra could fit within it, in the south of Cardan. It features several unlabelled and unmarked islands, along with The Spear of Lanthros. Could be that 'The Spear of Lanthros' is the name of the cove? 
- ***Cyran* Pass** - Unknown map point to southwest of Redmoor Citadel.
- ***General* Plains** - Map point to the south of Redmoor Citadel, in the centre of Cardan's main landmass.
- **Redmoor Citadel** - The capital of Cardan, located on the north coast. Symbol is a stag-like creature wearing a crown.
- **The Spear of Lanthros** - An unknown map point located in the sea, within the Cove of Cardan. 

#### Esos

See [[Esos]]. A continent in the south of the Red Isles. The capital is [[2. Personal Aeturnum Folders/Aeturnum (Vanessa)/Bloodtide/Adrestia]], where the majority of Aeturnum 1 took place, and the origin point of the [[Wayfarer’s Guild]]. 

Map Points (RJ):
- **Adrestia** - Capital of Esos. Symbol is two crossed keys. See Adrestia page for more information.
- **Aldwych Academy** - A facility located on an island to the southeast of the main continent, near Adrestia. See Adrestia page for more information.
- **Everfall Lake** - A large lake towards the centre of Esos, that seems to be surrounded by forest, possibly with a small settlement on the southern bank.
- **Gelwyn Spines** - An unknown map marker, possibly a ravine, located on the east coast in the northern half of the continent. It may also refer to two small islands located east of the ravine - the map is unclear. 
- **Hemlock** - A settlement on the east coast. During the events of Aeturnum 1's narrative event [[03. Elements from Aeturnum 1|Nightfall]], Hemlock sank into the Astral Corridor, with many of its citizens dying and erased from history. This may have been undone as a result of the way Aeturnum 1 ended. Current status of the settlement is unknown. 
- **The Outlands** - Possibly a run located on the west coast of Esos's northern landmass. 
- **The Scorch** - An unknown map marker, possibly a ruin, located in the mountains near the southwest coast of Esos.
- **The Tower of Loss** - A building located on the northern most landmass of Esos. 
- **Whitecliff** - A smaller settlement to the west of Adrestia that must be passed through to get to and from the capital, due to the surrounding cliffs and forests. 
- Unknown building, temple, or settlement - Located northwest of Hemlock, Northeast of The Scorch, and directly south of the Gelwyn Spines, there is an unlabelled map marker of a building. 

#### Isle of Rebirth

Small island located to the east of Tisis, near Graven Cathedral. (RJ) map point has a spiral symbol, like a whirlpool or a nautilus shell. 

#### Lumeria

An island located to the east of [[2. Personal Aeturnum Folders/Aeturnum (Vanessa)/Bloodtide/Adrestia]]. During the events of Aeturnum 1, it was inhabited by a coven of witches, and a clan of vampires. Current status unknown. Very close to Adrestia, but across a very turbulent sea - potentially the first stop for the convoy? 

Somewhere on Lumeria a temple can be found, that all Riftborn passed through during the Aeturnum 1 prologue, though they were within the Astral Corridor at the time.

Map Points (RJ):
- **Crescent Lake** - Lake to the southwest of Nos Everim, with an unlabelled crater to the southwest of that.  
- **Nos Epoc** - A settlement on the west coast.
- **Nos Everim** - Structure or small settlement on northeast coast.
- **The Pale Woods** - A forest on the south coast.
#### Lyra

An island located in the northeast of the Red Isles, near Tisis.

Map Points (RJ):
- **Leandra's Tower** - Structure located in the north of the island
- **Throne of the Deep** - Location located in the south of the island (symbol may be two pillars)
- Unknown island to the northwest of Lyra with no markings

#### Morwyn

An island/continent in the centre of the Red Isles, surrounded by Tisis in the north, Lumeria in the south east, Esos in the south, and Cardan in the west. 

Map Points (RJ):
- **Celwyn's Rock** - An island off the north coast, near Aureum.
- **Cerva Minor** - A large crater located to the south of the Crystalline Lake, and to the northwest of the Church of Fundament.
- **The Church of Fundament** - Seemingly a spire-like building located in a forest on the southeast coast.
- **Crystalline Lake** - A lake in the north of Morwyn, seemingly large enough that a whole city could be submerged in it.  
- **Holy City of Aureum** - The capital of Morwyn, located at the north-western most point of the island. Symbol is a battle-axe. 
- **Pilgrim's Rest** - A location to the southwest of the Church of Fundament, on the southern coast. Potentially a mass grave - it shares the same symbol as Burial Plains in Cardan. 

#### The Span

An archipelago(?) located to the northwest of Tisis. (RJ) map features no markings.

#### Tisis

See [[Tisis]]. A continent located at the north of the Red Isles. Capital city is Aernoc, 

Map Points (RJ):
- **Aernoc** - Capital of Tisis, located at the very north of the continent. It is surrounded by sea to the north and mountains to the south. Symbol is a large bird of prey, most likely an eagle. See Tisis page for more information. 
- **Arenfell Passage** - Some sort of building, possibly a passage that leads through the mountains that surrounds Aernoc.
- **Askar** - A village(?) located on the southwestern arm of Tisis, close to the Estris islands.
- **Estris** - A small group of islands located to the west of Tisis with no marks present on the (RJ) map.
- **Fallen Plateau** - An unknown landmark on the southern coast, just southeast of Karnova.
- **Graven Cathedral** - A temple located on the east coast.
- **Karnova** - Either a large settlement or some sort of temple located on the southern coast.
- **Laerna** - A town(?) located to the south of Aernoc, on the other side of the mountains.
- **The Splinter** - Seemingly a large shard of rock, possibly the size of a mountain, located to the east of Laerna. A symbol on the (RJ) map resembling a doorway can be seen here. 
- **Umbar** - A village(?) on the southern most point of Tisis.
- Unknown ruin - To the north of Umbar, on the east coast, there is an unlabelled ruin symbol. 

Note: The symbols for Askar and Umbar are identical, with Umbar's being slightly larger. The symbol does not appear anywhere else on the map.

#### Vestran

A small island to the northwest of Tisis. [[03. Elements from Aeturnum 1|During the events of Masquerade]], the Hierophant had her base of operations and a gate into the Astral Corridor here. 
### Outside the Red Isles

#### Erisia

From the Aeturnum splash screen: "The once proud aristocratic mages of Erisia, who have cultivated their arcane bloodlines for untold centuries now bow to the Enclave. Turning their magic on the subjects they once swore to protect. Only the Red Isles have been spared ruin, their verdant landscapes protected by an ancient force."
#### Valentia & the Imara Sea

From the Aeturnum splash screen: "Across the blighted Imara Sea, the necromancers of Valentia wage an eternal war, creating vast siege constructs from the remains of their fallen Gods."

In the armoury of the [[Wayfarer’s Guild|Wayfarer's Convoy]], there are magic runes that appear to be of Valentian magic - assumedly a form of necromancy.

The Valentian Crusade (see below) assumedly originates from here. 

# Other Locations

## Almire Academy

Where [[03. Elements from Aeturnum 1|Lucille]] trained as a mage, before being expelled. Assumedly somewhere in the Red Isles, but unknown.

## The Atropos Refinery

A refinery where [[Technology|Etheric Cells]] are created. Location and other details presently unknown, but they are assumedly allied with the [[Wayfarer’s Guild]], given that they supply us with the cells for our Hunter's Tools.

Could possibly be a section of our convoy?

# Religions

## The Church of Velissara

(Possibly non-canon)

A God and church frequently mentioned, with some connection to healing/light. May predate [[The Nine]]. The Black Cathedral may have been dedicated to Velissara? 
# The Valentian Crusade

Presently unknown, but some sort of draconic force that is seemingly at war with [[Adrestia]]. 

The refinery where [[Technology|Etheric Cells]] are created. Location and other details currently unknown, but assumedly allied with the [[Wayfarer’s Guild]] as they provide us the cells to power our Hunter's Tools. 