---
Tags:
  - Other
---
Below is a list of The Riftborn - the player characters from [[03. Elements from Aeturnum 1|Aeturnum 1]] - recorded here for posterity. I have the details of the 86 Riftborn I met, played, or heard of. If you have more information you would like to add, please DM it to me on Discord and I'll add it. 

Please do NOT edit this doc (or any doc within the 'Aeturnum (Nathan)' section) yourself. See [[00. READ ME FIRST|Read Me]] for more details.

My characters were Amelia Maizing, Colt Paleson, and Clapham, which is why their sections are more detailed, but I'd absolutely love to see/add similar summaries for other characters! Where I don't know the details of characters I've avoided making any assumptions, but I have declared to the best of my knowledge whether they lived or died. 
# Aeronwen

Dwarf Ranger

A constant companion to Kekeldra, present throughout the Masquerade arc. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world.
# Alanna

Human Paladin

A bastion of goodness among the Riftborn, and a powerful warrior, frequently accompanied by her noble steed. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world.
# Alphonsus

Orc Eldritch Knight Fighter

"Orders Captain." - Alphonsus's most commonly uttered phrase after his mind had been ravaged by the power of The Witness

One of the longest surviving Riftborn, Alphonsus was a textbook example of the toll that resurrection via the power of The Witness could take on a persons mind, body, and soul. He was once a powerful and intelligent warrior, but with each resurrection, parts of him were stripped away, leaving him little more than a hollow shell, capable of extreme violence and little else. In between brief moments of clarity, Alphonsus would typically seek out orders from the person in the room with the most authority, and rarely seemed to be aware of where, or even who he was. 

Alphonsus survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his home world. 
# Amelia Maizing

Human Battle Master Fighter

"It is a mother's privilege to sacrifice herself so that her daughter might live." - Amelia, to Tareth, mother of Helena

An elderly, ghostly white woman that was once the Queen of Blue Moon, a warrior nation where it was believed that the only good death was a death in battle. Amelia died in bed, from cancer, and was brought to the Astral Corridor due to her fury that no warrior ever bested her. 

With no memory, Amelia didn't know why she had such talent for warfare, but realised that her old, frail body was not suited to the work ahead of her. Amelia sought out extensive cybernetic implants, to the point where her body was more machine than organic, and joined the ranks of Eidolon. Though she couldn't remember her life, she knew she had children from the stretch marks that covered her body, and she feared that her talent for combat was incompatible with being a good mother. Through Elaric Valent, who she came to love like a grandson, she came to discover that this was not true. 

Amelia survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and was returned to her own world, accepting that there were other noble ways to die.
# Colt Paleson

Human Champion Fighter

"Finish the job." - Colt to his party, moments before his death.

Time of Death: Lonely Hearts
Cause of Death: Bravery/Stupidity

Colt Paleson was a farm boy turned soldier, whose enthusiasm for a good, fair fight meant he could proudly serve his kingdom of Blue Moon. He was cut down in battle, and was brought to the Astral Corridor to seek out further fights to win.

Unfamiliar with the concept of magic, especially healing magic, Colt slowly came to the conclusion that he must be immortal, because he didn't understand that every time he suffered a wound that should have been fatal, one of his allies was healing him again. He slowly rapidly became more unravelled, doing increasingly riskier things under the notion that he simply could not die, even if he did fail. 

This came to an end during the events of Lonely Hearts, when Colt made the decision to engage a dangerous enemy called a Dreamer in 1 v 1 combat, locking himself in the room with it so that the rest of his team could finish the mission they were on. Though he lasted several rounds, and his team were successful, they could not get to him in time to heal the fatal wounds of the Dreamer, who was later killed by Rain Fallwind-Veilthorn. When he met The Witness and realised that he was not immortal, Colt's sense of self dissolved, and he chose to accept the final death.
# Clank

Dragonborn Fighter

Clank followed orders and got the job done, to the best of his ability. He was a powerful fighter that rarely troubled himself with concerns about whether or not his mission was even possible. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.
# Clapham & Twinkletoes

Elf Beast Master Ranger

"Here you go, you daft tart." - Clapham, to mafia boss [[Speakers|Lady Zarissa]], while offering her a rollie that had healing properties. 

Time of Death: The Promise
Cause of Death: Arrogance and a grenade in the mouth

Clapham was a poacher who lived for the hunt. He killed everything from dragons to unicorns, and did not care if a creature was 'technically sentient' or 'capable of reigning down hellfire upon him'. He ran afoul of a powerful fae that was outraged by his violence, and cursed him. The darkest part of his soul was ripped out and manifested as a demonic baboon called Jägerstrafe, 'The Hunter's Punishment'. This creature would spend the rest of Clapham's life torturing him. When Clapham died, it was Jägerstrafe's continued fury that brought them to the Astral Corridor.

However, arriving there, they both lost their memories, and only the knowledge that there was some intrinsic connection to them remained. Not knowing Jägerstrafe's name, Clapham renamed them 'Twinkletoes', and they formed an alliance. They joined Eidolon 'for something to do', and because Clapham wanted to be the one to kill the Shrike. 

He achieved his desire and saw the Shrike destroyed, before clashing with the beast's master, the Hierophant. During the battle, Clapham tried to keep his distance, but the Hierophant teleported to him and forced a grenade into his mouth, killing him instantly. In the presence of the Witness, Jägerstrafe remembered their mission, and dragged Clapham's soul into the final death. 
# Cyrine

Halfling Paladin

An unrelentingly plucky warrior who saw the best in people and never hesitated in the face of danger. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world. 
# Gizmo

Aasimar Warlock

Time of Death: Homecoming (Quest Board)
Cause of Death: Curiosity

Gizmo was first and foremost a scientist, and sought to unravel the deepest metaphysical mysteries of The Red Isles, the Hierophant, and most of all the Witness, from whom he sought patronage. He was willing to - and did - sacrifice everything in the pursuit of knowledge.

He died at Aldwych Academy, while plundering a library of forbidden texts. One such text had powerful magical defences that Gizmo did not detect in time, resulting in his disintegration. Upon meeting the Witness, and requesting their patronage, Gizmo was rejected, and chose the final death.
# Indra

Aasimar Paladin

A powerful embodiment of light within the Riftborn - the sight of him on his elephant steed served as a bizarre symbol of persistent goodness. He would always prioritise healing his allies and completing mission objectives, but was equally ferocious when called upon to do battle. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.
# Inquisitor Phyrrus

Goliath Barbarian

One of the final Riftborn to join the ranks of Eidolon before
# Kekeldra

Tiefling Warlock

Kekeldra was one of the longest surviving Riftborn, and constantly in the company of Aeronwen. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and was returned to his own world.
# Klump the Flumpf

Goliath Sorcerer

Klump was a strange creature, sincerely believing himself to be a member of the Flumpf species. He wore a Flumpf costume and upheld the tenants of Flumpf life - kindness, teamwork, and compassion for all innocent life. Klump was particularly protective of children. As the battle against the Hierophant went on, and Klump repeatedly found himself getting set on fire, his costume slowly disintegrated and he became less able to repair or replace it. This served as a grim reflection of his collapsing mental state. However, Klump survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.     
# Lusix

Gnome Cleric

Lusix was intelligent and inquisitive, and sought out mysteries with journalistic integrity. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and was returned to her own world. 
# Nyssa

Elf Rogue

Originally a Triton, Nyssa experienced extreme dysmorphia when her entire structure was rewritten, transforming her into an Elf at the end of the Bloodtide arc. Nyssa was an exceptional rogue, whose intelligence and talent for stealth made her one of the longest surviving Riftborn. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and was returned to her own world. 
# Nyriel

Elf Bard

Time of Death: Memento (Quest Board)
Cause of Death: Grief

A glamourous and talented performer, who roused the spirits of her comrades. She was one of the longest surviving Riftborn, but died just before the end. Carrying the weight of many dead allies and innocents, Nyriel found herself increasingly unable to cope with the strain. With the assassination of Ashe by Kastia, both close friends of Nyriel, she was consumed by grief, and drank herself to death. 
# Pallor

Dragonborn Fighter

A capable warrior. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and was returned to his own world.
# Rain Fallwind-Veilthorn

Elf Warlock/Paladin

Time of Death: The Empty Throne
Cause of Death: Love

A psychotic and bloodthirsty warrior, and one of the longest surviving Riftborn. He fell in love with Zerxus, who taught him that his violent ways could be harnessed for more than senseless destruction, and they eventually married during the events of Lonely Hearts. 

When they realised that the death of Elias Jassen and the destruction of The Witness would cause them to be returned to their homes, Rain and Zerxus made the decision to kill themselves rather than be separated. Seeds grew from their bodies, so that their children might live on in Adrestia. 
# Romanov (and Maeve)

Elf Wizard

A body shared between two; the intelligent but shy Romanov, and the powerful but reckless Maeve. Romanov would retain control most of the time, but during combat when the enemies got too close, Romanov would ignite himself with Fireball and Maeve would emerge to win the fight. They survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Scrud

Dragonborn Druid

Scrud was an utterly bizarre creature, more reminiscent of a kobold than any dragonborn (save Skins), and originally hailing from a world where the laws of physics and biology did not follow the same patterns. He arrived in the Astral Corridor and immediately began to make friends with everyone he met, rolling with the punches as people came into and out of his life. Even though they were gone, he remembered each and every one of them.

He survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.
# Seraphima

Elf Divination Wizard

A fortune teller and powerful magic user, and one of the longest surviving Riftborn. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world.
# Torrin

Goliath Fighter

Time of Death: Ever After
Cause of Death: Gravity

The strongest of the Riftborn, and it wasn't even close. Torrin could single-handedly take on enemies that most other people would flee from in droves. He was intrinsic in the first slaying of the Shrike, and numerous other enemies that the Riftborn fought in their time.

He died, twice on the same day, during the events of Ever After. The first death was strategy - he yanked Rosaria out of a window with the intent to kill her, not then knowing that she was the Shrike that he had killed once before, and that such a drop would not harm her. The second and final death came at the hands of The Pursuer, AKA Heloise Valent, though he did not go down easy, taking several of her most powerful attacks while the rest of his team mates worked to bring her down. 
# Zerxus Fallwind-Veilthorn

Aasimar Warlock/Sorcerer

Time of Death: The Empty Throne
Cause of Death: Love

A kind, angelic soul who believed in kindness and finding the good in everyone, including the ultra-violent Rain, to whom he would marry during the events of Lonely Hearts. One of the longest surviving Riftborn, Zerxus carried the weight of many fallen allies on his heart, becoming more morbid and distraught as the Eidolon mission continued.

When they realised that the death of Elias Jassen and the destruction of The Witness would cause them to be returned to their homes, Rain and Zerxus made the decision to kill themselves rather than be separated. Seeds grew from their bodies, so that their children might live on in Adrestia. 