---
Tags:
  - Other
---
Below is a list of The Riftborn - the player characters from [[03. Elements from Aeturnum 1 NS|Aeturnum 1]] - recorded here for posterity. I have the details of the 86 Riftborn I met, played, or heard of. If you have more information you would like to add, please DM it to me on Discord and I'll add it. 

Please do NOT edit this doc (or any doc within the 'Aeturnum (Nathan)' section) yourself. See [[00. READ ME FIRST NS|Read Me]] for more details.

My characters were Amelia Maizing, Colt Paleson, and Clapham, which is why their sections are more detailed, but I'd absolutely love to see/add similar summaries for other characters! Where I don't know the details of characters I've avoided making any assumptions, but I have declared to the best of my knowledge whether they lived or died. 

Where information is missing, they will be characters I met during my early days, before I worked out how to take proper notes, or else a character that I've learned about second hand.
# Aeronwen

Dwarf Ranger

A constant companion to Kekeldra, present throughout the Masquerade arc. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world.
# Ageratos

Elf Monk

An unknown warrior who never removed the intricate silver mask that he wore. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.
# Alanna

Human Paladin

A bastion of goodness among the Riftborn, and a powerful warrior, frequently accompanied by her noble steed. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world.
# Alexandrite

Goliath Fighter

A stone goliath, and as durable as his namesake. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world. 
# Alphonsus

Orc Eldritch Knight Fighter

"Orders Captain." - Alphonsus's most commonly uttered phrase after his mind had been ravaged by the power of The Witness

One of the longest surviving Riftborn, Alphonsus was a textbook example of the toll that resurrection via the power of The Witness could take on a persons mind, body, and soul. He was once a powerful and intelligent warrior, but with each resurrection, parts of him were stripped away, leaving him little more than a hollow shell, capable of extreme violence and little else. In between brief moments of clarity, Alphonsus would typically seek out orders from the person in the room with the most authority, and rarely seemed to be aware of where, or even who he was. 

Alphonsus survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his home world. 
# Amelia Maizing

Human Battle Master Fighter

"It is a mother's privilege to sacrifice herself so that her daughter might live." - Amelia, to Tareth, mother of Helena

An elderly, ghostly white woman that was once the Queen of Blue Moon, a warrior nation where it was believed that the only good death was a death in battle. Amelia died in bed, from cancer, and was brought to the Astral Corridor due to her fury that no warrior ever bested her. 

With no memory, Amelia didn't know why she had such talent for warfare, but realised that her old, frail body was not suited to the work ahead of her. Amelia sought out extensive cybernetic implants, to the point where her body was more machine than organic, and joined the ranks of Eidolon. Though she couldn't remember her life, she knew she had children from the stretch marks that covered her body, and she feared that her talent for combat was incompatible with being a good mother. Through Elaric Valent, who she came to love like a grandson, she came to discover that this was not true. 

Amelia survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and was returned to her own world, accepting that there were other noble ways to die.
# Antoni

Aasimar Sorcerer/Bard

Far more interested in cooking than fighting, Antoni provided meals for the Riftborn and keep their morale up right till the end. They survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Art

Human Monk

A sure-footed warrior with fast hands. Art survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.
# Bagheera

Tabaxi

A Riftborn that fought alongside Kekeldra during the Bloodtide arc. She was killed, and her body became Kekeldra's spirit companion.
# Badhbh

Dwarf Cleric

Time of Death: Nightfall
Cause of Death: Abandonment

Badhbh was originally a Kenku, but at the end of Bloodtide, their body was warped, and they became a dwarf.  They joined Eidolon, along with many of the other Riftborn that they had grown close to. However, during the events of Nightfall, they found themselves without allies, and was killed by the Shrike. 
# Bernard

Goliath Sorcerer

Bernard survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Bison

Aasimar Cleric

Bison survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Blitz

Orc Barbarian

Blitz survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Cassidy

Human Rogue

Cassidy survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Captain F

Tiefling Rogue

Captain F survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Colt Paleson

Human Champion Fighter

"Finish the job." - Colt to his party, moments before his death.

Time of Death: Lonely Hearts
Cause of Death: Bravery/Stupidity

Colt Paleson was a farm boy turned soldier, whose enthusiasm for a good, fair fight meant he could proudly serve his kingdom of Blue Moon. He was cut down in battle, and was brought to the Astral Corridor to seek out further fights to win.

Unfamiliar with the concept of magic, especially healing magic, Colt slowly came to the conclusion that he must be immortal, because he didn't understand that every time he suffered a wound that should have been fatal, one of his allies was healing him again. He slowly rapidly became more unravelled, doing increasingly riskier things under the notion that he simply could not die, even if he did fail. 

This came to an end during the events of Lonely Hearts, when Colt made the decision to engage a dangerous enemy called a Dreamer in 1 v 1 combat, locking himself in the room with it so that the rest of his team could finish the mission they were on. Though he lasted several rounds, and his team were successful, they could not get to him in time to heal the fatal wounds of the Dreamer, who was later killed by Rain Fallwind-Veilthorn. When he met The Witness and realised that he was not immortal, Colt's sense of self dissolved, and he chose to accept the final death.
# Clank

Dragonborn Fighter

Clank followed orders and got the job done, to the best of his ability. He was a powerful fighter that rarely troubled himself with concerns about whether or not his mission was even possible. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.
# Clapham & Twinkletoes

Elf Beast Master Ranger

"Here you go, you daft tart." - Clapham, to mafia boss [[Speakers NS|Lady Zarissa]], while offering her a rollie that had healing properties. 

Time of Death: The Promise
Cause of Death: Arrogance and a grenade in the mouth

Clapham was a poacher who lived for the hunt. He killed everything from dragons to unicorns, and did not care if a creature was 'technically sentient' or 'capable of reigning down hellfire upon him'. He ran afoul of a powerful fae that was outraged by his violence, and cursed him. The darkest part of his soul was ripped out and manifested as a demonic baboon called Jägerstrafe, 'The Hunter's Punishment'. This creature would spend the rest of Clapham's life torturing him. When Clapham died, it was Jägerstrafe's continued fury that brought them to the Astral Corridor.

However, arriving there, they both lost their memories, and only the knowledge that there was some intrinsic connection to them remained. Not knowing Jägerstrafe's name, Clapham renamed them 'Twinkletoes', and they formed an alliance. They joined Eidolon 'for something to do', and because Clapham wanted to be the one to kill the Shrike. 

He achieved his desire and saw the Shrike destroyed, before clashing with the beast's master, the Hierophant. During the battle, Clapham tried to keep his distance, but the Hierophant teleported to him and forced a grenade into his mouth, killing him instantly. In the presence of the Witness, Jägerstrafe remembered their mission, and dragged Clapham's soul into the final death. 
# Cylus

Elf Rogue

Cylus survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Cypher

Human Rogue

Cypher survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Cyrine

Halfling Paladin

An unrelentingly plucky warrior who saw the best in people and never hesitated in the face of danger. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world. 
# Delphine

Gnome Sorcerer

Time of Death: Pitiless Spectacle (Quest Board)
Cause of Death: Kekeldra.

Delphine made the mistake of crossing the normally calm Kekeldra while they were in a gladiatorial arena, and was torn apart by his spirit beast, Bagheera. 
# Effy

Elf Sorcerer

Effy survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Eurydice

Human Paladin

Eurydice survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Fayne

Human Cleric/Ranger

Time of Death: Lonely Hearts
Cause of Death: Unknown

Details to come.
# Gizmo

Aasimar Warlock

Time of Death: Homecoming (Quest Board)
Cause of Death: Curiosity

Gizmo was first and foremost a scientist, and sought to unravel the deepest metaphysical mysteries of The Red Isles, the Hierophant, and most of all the Witness, from whom he sought patronage. He was willing to - and did - sacrifice everything in the pursuit of knowledge.

He died at Aldwych Academy, while plundering a library of forbidden texts. One such text had powerful magical defences that Gizmo did not detect in time, resulting in his disintegration. Upon meeting the Witness, and requesting their patronage, Gizmo was rejected, and chose the final death.
# Gromli Brightstone

Dwarf Wizard

Ill-equipped for the Astral Corridor or the world it led to, Gromli immediately went into hiding. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world.
# Gwen

Aasimar Paladin

Gwen came through the Astral Corridor with Colt Paleson, but wholly rejected the world she found. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world.
# Gzheoeoffph, Lord of Bones

Tiefling Wizard

Gzheoeoffph, Lord of Bones, AKA Jeff, was one of the longest surviving Riftborn, and opened a chain of bakeries in Adrestia. Frequently in the company of Trip Skipper, they fought through Bloodtide and Masquerade together, only for Trip to die during the events of The Promise. Gzheoeoffph survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and returned to their own world. 
# Haliax

Elf Bard

Haliax survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Hyolstor Heorot

Elf Cleric

A somewhat morbid cleric with a curiosity for the arcane, particularly in regards to the witches of Lumeria. They survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and returned to their own world.
# Igor

"Orc" Wizard

Originally discovered in the dungeon of Aldwych Academy, Igor was an amalgamation of body parts fused together into a single form. Potentially an experiment by Elias Jassen to make use of deceased agents, Igor was composed primarily of Riftborn body parts. They survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and was returned to their own world, assuming they had one specific world they could return to.
# Indra

Aasimar Paladin

A powerful embodiment of light within the Riftborn - the sight of him on his elephant steed served as a bizarre symbol of persistent goodness. He would always prioritise healing his allies and completing mission objectives, but was equally ferocious when called upon to do battle. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.
# Inquisitor Phyrrus

Goliath Barbarian

One of the final Riftborn to join the ranks of Eidolon before the end, Inquisitor Phyrrus was consumed with rage about his inability to remember his life or the God he seemingly served. He took his frustrations out on Eidolon's enemies (and one newspaper boy), dealing crushing blows with his flaming cross. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and was returned to his own world. 
# Itch

Gnome Rogue

Itch survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Kekeldra

Tiefling Warlock/Fighter

Kekeldra was one of the longest surviving Riftborn, and constantly in the company of Bagheera, then Aeronwen. When Bagheera died, he crafted a spirit beast companion from her remains, which accompanied him for the rest of his time in Adrestia. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and was returned to his own world.
# Kelaric

Elf Rogue

Kelaric survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Kida

Unknown

Time of Death: Bloodtide 4
Cause of Death: Multiple

Kida had a talent for dying. She died in an insect trap, murdered by another Riftborn, crushed by an Airship, and finally drowned in a pool of blood.  
# Kira LaDrin

Elf Bard

Kira survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Klump the Flumpf

Goliath Sorcerer

Klump was a strange creature, sincerely believing himself to be a member of the Flumpf species. He wore a Flumpf costume and upheld the tenants of Flumpf life - kindness, teamwork, and compassion for all innocent life. Klump was particularly protective of children. As the battle against the Hierophant went on, and Klump repeatedly found himself getting set on fire, his costume slowly disintegrated and he became less able to repair or replace it. This served as a grim reflection of his collapsing mental state. However, Klump survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.     
# Lad

Elf Bard

Lad survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Lilah

Elf Rogue

Time of Death: Lights Out
Cause of Death: Unknown

Lilah, along with her entire party, were wiped out during the events of Lights out.
# Lillory

Gnome Paladin.

Lillory was an artist, crafting beautiful origami sculptures, which she sewed into her cloak. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world. 
# Lusix

Gnome Cleric

Lusix was intelligent and inquisitive, and sought out mysteries with journalistic integrity. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and was returned to her own world. 
# Maeren

Unknown

A flash in the pan at the beginning of Masquerade. They came through the Astral Corridor with Colt Paleson, but quickly disappeared. They survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world. 
# Marroshok

Human Sorcerer

A sharp intellect that fought with the Riftborn through Bloodtide, but chose not to join Eidolon. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.
# Marry

Elf Rogue

Marry survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Miss Swinburn

Human Monk

An elderly woman with a handbag full of buckles. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world.
# Molly

Unknown Monk

Time of Death: Unknown
Cause of Death: Unknown

A young woman who rushed merrily into combat. She did not survive long.
# Naia

Dragonborn Druid

Naia survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Novus

Human Druid

Novus survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Nut

Elf Monk

Nut survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Nyssa

Elf Rogue

Originally a Triton, Nyssa experienced extreme dysmorphia when her entire structure was rewritten, transforming her into an Elf at the end of the Bloodtide arc. Nyssa was an exceptional rogue, whose intelligence and talent for stealth made her one of the longest surviving Riftborn. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and was returned to her own world. 
# Nyriel

Elf Bard

Time of Death: Memento (Quest Board)
Cause of Death: Grief

A glamourous and talented performer, who roused the spirits of her comrades. She was one of the longest surviving Riftborn, but died just before the end. Carrying the weight of many dead allies and innocents, Nyriel found herself increasingly unable to cope with the strain. With the assassination of Ashe by Kastia, both close friends of Nyriel, she was consumed by grief, and drank herself to death. 
# Orlaith

Tiefling Paladin

Time of Death: Life is but a Dream (Quest Board)
Cause of Death: Drowning

Orlaith was a short-lived Riftborn, who was knocked out and thrown into one of Adrestia's rivers, drowning as Nyssa tried to save them.
# Orphelia

Goliath Barbarian

Orphelia survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Pallor

Dragonborn Fighter

A capable warrior. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and was returned to his own world.
# Piper Buckley

Human Warlock

Time of Death: The Promise
Cause of Death: Unknown

Piper was cut down by forces unknown towards the end of Eidolon's mission.
# Prima

Elf Monk

Time of Death: Ever After
Cause of Death: Unknown
# Professor Polaris

Gnome Ranger

A curious and intelligent researcher who fought with the Riftborn during the events of Bloodtide, but chose not to join Eidolon. They survived the events of Aeturnum 1, and were returned to their own world.
# Quincy (Bard)

Elf Bard

Quincy survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Quincy (Warlock)

Gnome Warlock

Quincy survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Rain Fallwind-Veilthorn

Elf Warlock/Paladin

Time of Death: The Empty Throne
Cause of Death: Love

A psychotic and bloodthirsty warrior, and one of the longest surviving Riftborn. He fell in love with Zerxus, who taught him that his violent ways could be harnessed for more than senseless destruction, and they eventually married during the events of Lonely Hearts. 

When they realised that the death of Elias Jassen and the destruction of The Witness would cause them to be returned to their homes, Rain and Zerxus made the decision to kill themselves rather than be separated. Seeds grew from their bodies, so that their children might live on in Adrestia. 
# Romanov (and Maeve)

Elf Wizard

A body shared between two; the intelligent but shy Romanov, and the powerful but reckless Maeve. Romanov would retain control most of the time, but during combat when the enemies got too close, Romanov would ignite himself with Fireball and Maeve would emerge to win the fight. They survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Rosie

Bard

Rosie survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Sav

Halfling Rogue

Sav survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Scrud

Dragonborn Druid

Scrud was an utterly bizarre creature, more reminiscent of a kobold than any dragonborn (save Skins), and originally hailing from a world where the laws of physics and biology did not follow the same patterns. He arrived in the Astral Corridor and immediately began to make friends with everyone he met, rolling with the punches as people came into and out of his life. Even though they were gone, he remembered each and every one of them.

He survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.
# Seraphima

Elf Divination Wizard

A fortune teller and powerful magic user, and one of the longest surviving Riftborn. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world.
# Sir Reginald

Human Fighter

Sir Reginald survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Skins

Gnome Warlock

During the events of Bloodtide, Skins was a kobold, but after leaving Ember, he found himself warped and turned into a gnome of deeply troubling appearance. Nonetheless, he persisted, and survived the events of Aeturnum 1, returning to his own world.
# Snowberry

Elf Ranger

Snowberry survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Speria

Elf Wizard

Overwhelmed by the Astral Corridor, Speria did not do well with the battles that lay before him. Nonetheless, he survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.
# Splat

Unknown

Splat fought during Bloodtide, but chose not to return to Adrestia, remaining with Ember.
# Stig

Multiclass Elf

A complex Riftborn whose mismatch of skills limited their ability to fight the Hierophant. Nonetheless, they survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Tenacity

Aasimar Fighter

Time of Death: Unknown
Cause of Death: Unknown

A proud and noble warrior, Tenacity fought alongside the Riftborn during the events of Bloodtide, but chose not to join Eidolon. She eventually re-joined her friends, only to be brutally cut down on her first mission, and became another name on Zerxus's growing list of guilt.  
# Thorny Bustcastle

Human Warlock

Thorny Bustcastle survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Thursday

Goliath Paladin

A massive, powerful warrior. He survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.
# Thyra

Orc Fighter

Thyra survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Torrin

Goliath Fighter/Sorcerer

Time of Death: Ever After
Cause of Death: Gravity

The strongest of the Riftborn, and it wasn't even close. Torrin could single-handedly take on enemies that most other people would flee from in droves. He was intrinsic in the first slaying of the Shrike, and numerous other enemies that the Riftborn fought in their time.

He died, twice on the same day, during the events of Ever After. The first death was strategy - he yanked Rosaria out of a window with the intent to kill her, not then knowing that she was the Shrike that he had killed once before, and that such a drop would not harm her. The second and final death came at the hands of The Pursuer, AKA Heloise Valent, though he did not go down easy, taking several of her most powerful attacks while the rest of his team mates worked to bring her down. 
# Trip Skipper

Halfling Rogue

Time of Death: The Promise
Cause of Death: Unknown

Trip Skipper was one of the longest surviving Riftborn, and almost always in the company of Gzheoeoffph, Lord of Bones. She was inquisitive and kept detailed records on the events of the Riftborn. She was killed during The Promise.
# Unknown Ranger

Human Ranger

Time of Death: Unknown
Cause of Death: Incompetence

A reckless ranger that never made it out of the Astral Corridor into Adrestia. He fell into the chasm, climbed into the sarcophagus, and angered Elias Jassen. His name was never recorded. 
# Wander

Human Fighter

Time of Death: The Promise
Cause of Death: Unknown

Wander was cut down by forces unknown towards the end of Eidolon's mission.
# Waylon

Human Ranger

Time of Death: Nightfall
Cause of Death: Stepped on

A genuine cowboy, Waylon's time as a Riftborn was short, memorable, and brutal. He was killed by the Shrike during Nightfall.
# Widget

Gnome Rogue

Widget survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Zee the Bright

Gnome Barbarian

A violent little ball of rage that would fling himself at his enemies without hesitation. Despite this reckless combat method, he survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to his own world.
# Zerxus Fallwind-Veilthorn

Aasimar Warlock/Sorcerer

Time of Death: The Empty Throne
Cause of Death: Love

A kind, angelic soul who believed in kindness and finding the good in everyone, including the ultra-violent Rain, to whom he would marry during the events of Lonely Hearts. One of the longest surviving Riftborn, Zerxus carried the weight of many fallen allies on his heart, becoming more morbid and distraught as the Eidolon mission continued.

When they realised that the death of Elias Jassen and the destruction of The Witness would cause them to be returned to their homes, Rain and Zerxus made the decision to kill themselves rather than be separated. Seeds grew from their bodies, so that their children might live on in Adrestia. 
# Zona

Orc Bard

Zona survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to their own world.
# Zurella

Human Wizard

Zurella was ill-equipped for the plight of the Riftborn, but made clever use of her magic to keep herself and her allies safe. She survived the events of Aeturnum 1 and was returned to her own world.